oh yeah that's all he is and we're live
that's it
hi hello Benji yeah this stuff purple
venom that's what he calls his friend
calls it and yes friends leaking I'm
pretty skeptical skeptical about other
people's stuff but I hope now was that a
coke nail
no that one no I know there's a little
bit long people think that they're
cooked meals didn't take no they're real
but you don't do coke
I don't do coke ever if you ever done a
Coke Zero I have done I have done it's
like coke light it's like it looks like
Coke you could snort it feels like he
doesn't give you high no I I have I've
tried it I would say honestly maybe four
times hmm and I've never it's always
just felt like I just took three shots
of espresso and I'm not it's not really
doesn't do anything for me that I'm like
I better get me a better invest in that
I need to try it one day because just I
need to know what's going on I'm 51
years old how do I don't know what coke
is hey you know I think it's worth I
mean if you don't if you you know if you
don't have a predisposition for being a
hyper addictive first now oh I
definitely do but oh but I'm also wise
enough to know yeah I might can quit
things yeah but you got experience you
can control yourself but like I I was
never I was never like I guess I've just
never been someone who's like oh shit
gotta have that forever like I've never
been that way the only thing that I'm
reduced to now is just weed that's it
what me too but I also think that it's
one of those things if you're if your
life is health if you have a good
balance and you're enjoying your time
and you're being creative and you have
good friends and you have fun you're not
looking for something to fuck your life
up I think many of the times when you're
dealing with people that have like
severe debilitating addictions that are
really just taking over their life
there's something else going on almost
always it's like problems you know
relationship problems work problems life
problems yeah they're not happy yeah
there's an emptiness there's a penis
that wants to be fed or maybe you have a
lot of success and you're freaking out
about the success I think that happens
with some celebrities yes I I think so
yeah overstimulation let's do this oh
yes do it yeah here it is he kind of the
first I used an automated machine the
auto have you heard of it no so cool
it's like this like little Rinder
and that's a grinder and it and it fits
on a tube that you put an empty rolling
thing in there so you like put that in
there oh you got it and then it's like a
yeah it's like a clear tube you put in
the pre-rolled you know empty whatever
joint thing and then and then you put
this machine that just goes over
attaches magnetically and then you put
in your weed and you just press a button
and like coffee makers like and it fills
it up perfectly and then you just pack
it by shaking it and twist it and then
you're done these goddamn stoners today
they're getting too crazy I know I
rarely smoke I always make exceptions
for stuff like this you've read it all
look at it yeah wow that's actually
pretty sleek looking yeah it's by banana
brothers I think you know I I smoke
pretty regularly but um I got high would
be real I did this smoke box show Oh
Mike okay I'm gonna be real a rat
Cypress Hill I was ever so real I know I
know nothing about hip-hop know anything
about Cypress yeah I know I know people
are always like you gotta you know vibe
up I'm like I know shit
I know Run DMC you really don't know any
hip-hop now I kind of stopped after the
Bohemian phase hmm you know like after
Tribe Called Quest and dill until I saw
like it just kind of lost me because it
didn't turn in I like gangster in the
beginning you know because it was
something new and you're like what the
fuck is this oh that's so cool you know
but then it kind of morphed in the club
hop where it just was all about bitches
and cars and all that shit and it was
really the lyrics the beats I loved I
thought it was cool but I was like no I
mean I because I left in 95 in 95 96 and
then I know there's plenty of hip hop
heads oh it'd be like dude you got check
out so you got check out I know there's
shitloads of shit and I maybe I'll go
back into that phase but mostly I just
like the beats and the production and
the lyrics I'm not really I'm not I'm
not lyrics guy anyways I am a lyrics guy
and NAS is definitely my favorite
lyricist cuz his stuff is so creative
like what was that one we did everything
backwards to the whole song backwards
like he started at the end and then the
fuck was I called James gonna cool it
rewind
yeah I mean I mean major look really
yeah it made you look like I saw that
and I was like
that was actually a moment where I was
like how am I gonna am I gonna start
getting back into this shit cuz yeah
because it was intelligent yeah you know
what I mean like my thing is like if
you're gonna be boastful on this shit it
should be like Muhammad Ali right right
right
you shoot a clever you have clever flair
also you can just be right in someone's
face but I like that but then when
people are like kind of going off about
how much money they have and I'm like I
don't really care about this well
I analyzed this many times while under
the influence and the culture comes from
not having something and then once you
have something brag about it right like
that's like jay-z like that's 99
problems he talks about that 99 problems
yeah even I get it I get it but like at
the same time if it just sounds like
basically the three things that everyone
talks about which is like women cars of
some sort and money or the things you
can buy with money after a while it just
all bleeds together it's only since the
same song and I mean that's so dope that
you can come from nothing and you can
work your way up and you can hustle and
you can get stuff coming in but like
once you get to that place like why not
take advantage of that place what about
running the jewels
I've heard good things about it yes the
rapper i've heard good things about it
damn I know I don't know shit man I'm
more of like on the jewels of so cream
an electronic guy like yeah let me turn
you on some run the jewels please I wish
we could play it on the podcast but then
we can't do that anymore
what your day yeah they will run you
Julius
but back in the day when you had like
the internet was no one knew what a
podcast was you could do all kinds of
shit you just play things I mean you
still can
I mean taking down demonetized you get a
strike against your channel if you get
three strikes they take your channel
down permanently
it's are you are you - yes okay that's
the real problem
nice who's the real problem I'm uh I'm
bypassing all that very soon what are
you doing I'm just clears my own live
streaming that's all right yeah cuz that
way I just don't have to worry about all
that bullshit yeah Oh in the lead that's
where it's probably gonna have to go yes
but but at the same time everybody's at
YouTube yes oh so the secret is or the
question is like how can you well you do
both yeah exactly waiting yeah
of zero zero alcohol Hamilton are you
serious yeah I'll try it zero yeah cuz
my problem with alcohol is alcohol yeah
so yeah actually thanks man
they taste like a regular Heineken mmm
check what that that if you see these
what is that it's a micro tech
California legal switchblade what yeah
what do you stab people at a tiny knife
what you doing right now
I've been going on since I saw you I
like it well I like having a net I'm
from Montana you always have a knife mm
as always it's like the greatest tool
but uh I mix it how's the button go okay
so hold it the opposite way
turn it around flip it around yeah and
then the button on the top side see
there's like oh no here yeah that so
this is on the back this is a glass
breaker okay a glass breaker yeah for
like if you're in your car you know or
whatever I needed to break the window
Jesus but here's the switch is that
really what that's for
yes let me see that like crazy so this
would break your window yeah hmm dude
but how many people do you think could
break a window with this I bet if you
got a lot of people there's some old car
windows and I could like line them up
and just fucking yeah because it seems
like that's like that's like kind of
weird a weird like standardized tip for
glass breakers really that crazy
so would you get it see but it seems
like it's slide in your hand it doesn't
that's too small I think if you you know
if you wedge them if you held it tight
in your fist you know with your thumb
over I think if you hit it it's more
about velocity at rather than strength
yeah cuz the way it's designed this
would just be like super like precise
strike that's what you're in a glass
breaker with them man yeah playing games
you ready Jim water you have like
bottled water in your car arms I have
bottled water I have a jump jumper so
you know you can jump yourself know if
you have bottled water in your car in LA
you're basically drinking what is that
shit that comes the leaks into your from
your plastic AC BPA's oh no I don't know
these I have glass that's all glass oh
dear now fuck that I don't know
I mean like people are gonna be like
bitching because I talk about plastic
vials all the time but because it's here
yeah it's your solution for that I
probably get glass and get a water yeah
you just you just kiddo you just get a
municipal filter yeah and that's it and
you get alkalized water mm-hmm room
temperature whatever and you can just
have clean water and you just have tons
and tons of vessels I'm sure what
someone would be kr would sponsor E or
something like that wouldn't be kr
they're there uh like a I guess you a
canteen company or water carrying like
jug company itself people drink out of
mason jars that would be like old folks
oh yeah hell yeah old-timey are you
kidding yeah I'll be like you know like
grandma's kitchen cupboard
yeah why do people like drinking out of
mason jars I think it started with
grandmas what was that banned what was
that one Breeland no who's that one sort
of bluesy Rocky band pretty recently
damn wizard how he do it he's he knows
what I'm gonna ask before I googled it
he's a wizard he's got something he's
got something some special talent but
yeah those guys they dressed like they
were from another era right yeah they
wore like weird clothes from like the
pioneer days yeah yeah they look like
time travelers like from a steampunk era
yeah I mean kind of I mean I know you're
saying like in the beginning yeah you
know fortune femme stir oh yeah I wish I
remember her joke but she had a funny
joke about Mumford & Sons and mason jars
really yeah I think it was like
something to the tune of you know she's
mason jars for real not like not like
this bullshit oh yeah threw up or I
think that was a apologize from wrong
that was I mean that's very funny I mean
she is every she's so rad I saw her in
uh Oh in Australia Sydney she's doing a
podcast with Tom papa oh yeah sorry dare
you again sorry guys
Tom Papa is a brilliant stand-up
comedian really really funny guy super
super nice guy too and he's the master
of bread
him red red oh shit he makes his own
sourdough bread and it is sensational
how that that that's that's that's too
much it's over here he brings a loaf of
bread and grass-fed butter no no you
cannot resist
that's this bread that's bread is so
good fuck your keto diet if it doesn't
include Tom Pappas bread
fuck your keto diet does he sell it at a
big no-no there he is good and he has a
he has a television show he's doing on a
Food Network where he's visiting bakers
he's a brilliant guy and a super nice
guy like couldn't be a nicer guy and he
just loves making bread he's so silly
that's meat it's bread it's so good and
it's like I really believe this that if
you get the food from someone who's
really cool like it feels different it
tastes different and times just tom is
just such a nice guy he's so fun and
he's so smart like when you're eating
his bread like you feel like I'm eating
a cool guy's bread yeah yeah you know
it's like someone who you love cooks you
something like if your mom cooks you
something it's like wow this is so much
it's not just good it's good and it
comes from love yeah yeah yeah yeah cuz
the other person who made it standing
right there
yeah it's pretty unique experience
specially read yeah I think that's the
big thing with food too with with
cooking you know I I never really
thought of food as an art form until I
started watching No Reservations which
was Anthony Bourdain's original show oh
yeah backward he's on the Travel Channel
okay and then I was like oh like duh
like I in my head like they were just
cooks like oh they just cooking food
it's because I cooked food before I used
to work in the Corps Creamery I made
burgers yeah I make grilled cheese yeah
sure yeah yeah that's good so it's like
I know how to put the fucking fries in
yeah but watching these chefs create
these like really elaborate creative
dishes you start going oh oh oh this is
an art form it's just a like a weird one
like where it's temporary because I
don't only exist for a short window in
time yeah but now that we have film of
it and now that we have photographs of
it look things on Instagram yeah now you
start to appreciate that oh it looks
amazing too
I guess part of the thing it's like if
you could have like the most incredible
steak but it came to you and it looked
like the shittiest looking lentil soup
Oh egg split pea soup like a split just
just it just the peas though yes just a
bowl of green but it was the most
incredible taste yam it looks weird yes
right right but yeah but they were like
they're making things like yeah they're
addressing as many senses as possible
yeah does everything read looks good
yeah looks like it crossed in the
outside with those little slices yeah on
the top of the circle they break look at
that see how I guess that yeah I know
yeah and you're like oh this has to we
have to take care of this yes it's
alright message it's it's art - it's
like it's a temporary art form we just
think of art is something like you know
that Buddha statue or something that
just lasts forever yeah but some there's
some art like a sandcastle well it's
temporary well you know in a weird way
in a weird way music is kind of like
that if it's not recorded right yeah
well no I mean if it is recorded because
you only experience it temporarily but
it exists as a idea in your head you
know that like a like a ghost image of
it but then when you listen listen to it
when you press play and you listen to it
it's happening in real time as soon as
you stop it it's no longer no longer
exists so you're still just like in the
kind of shadow memory of it right if
you're not interacting with it it
doesn't exist yeah yeah Wow yeah imagine
there was something like that you could
do with smells right smells are the one
sense that doesn't get any love like
your eyes people make all these
beautiful things mm-hmm right your ears
people make beautiful music you got like
perfume Cologne and some fucking flowers
it's all you got mm-hmm and weird shit
like patchouli we're like settle down I
said though you wouldn't be needs settle
down settle down while you're in sting
this incense sticks amber amber sticks
amber smells by the way miss Pat after
she was on she sent me incense did you
said unto you - with black pussy incense
soup does she make one no she was just
talking about crazy incense flavor yeah
she she she's aware of oh well she is
saying she uses them or people use I
mean the thing is you know that there's
a niche market or people making custom
incense with names like that right like
they legitimately are naming them that
way because it's a hip thing yeah that's
a very specific kind of person right you
have some kind of rug on the floor like
some kind of Persian type rug it's miss
Pat that's it yeah so what is it a joke
it cuts at you some of these once it's
butt-naked what does the other ones
oh yeah claw yeah there you go black
blood yeah
pussy did you know miss Pat no oh my god
you gotta meet her she's a funny she's
one of the funniest human beings on
earth for sure
damn one of the funniest people I've
ever met like right up there with Joey
Diaz ahead she's so funny she's
ridiculous like you leave a podcast with
her and your fucking face hurts someone
said that if you get John Witherspoon
Joey Diaz and Miss Pat on podcast
together we would like break the
space-time continuum are you gonna do it
fuck yeah I would love yes but I would
just I would I would shut my mouth I
wouldn't say a word I just want them to
have fun do you know John Witherspoon I
don't know dude he came on with his son
his son JD is a comic as well yeah I met
JD at the Comedy Store we're talking
about his dad and like your dad is he's
like a epic human being like he's so
fucking funny and he's like let me get
my dad to come into the podcast like
yeah let's do it I would love to how you
guys on let's come on so uh it might
acts with my I don't remember how it
came out but anyway he comes in here and
it's like the Sun is like completely
normal jdees intelligent he's funny he's
like very very like you've you know
you're not shocked by him
he's a funny smart guy yeah but his dad
is from another planet everything he
says is funny the way he says it is
funny he does not give a fuck oh I know
that care dude yeah yeah he's on like
his own groove he's on this I don't give
a fuck times a million groove
he's been doing a lot even it sounds
like laughing like while he's like see
this is what I grew up with him like
that is crazy he's so funny like that
guy you can make him funny in a movie
yeah yeah good movie part he'll he'll do
great in it yeah but he will never be
able to compare it to him just being him
in the moment because you lose that in
the moment thing oh you know this isn't
everything planned out yeah he's not
reading a fucking script the guy just
for three hours is just hilarious about
anything about shoes he's hilarious
about money he's hilarious about his
drink he got to put his money in his
pocket and rub it like it yeah he's yeah
he like can hit any any angle anything
is fair game
it's he's doing a kind of art the art of
being him this is what me and his son
were talking about and this white
relates he's doing an art form but it
seems like he's just being himself and
he is but he's figured out how to beat
himself there's the most hilarious to
the most people yeah it's a matter of
whether or not you can plug that into a
movie successfully it's maybe the best
thing about just let him talk yes yes
let him talk yeah like fuck your fuck
your scripts like this guy's got a thing
you know he's got a thing yes that is an
art art it's like it's just like cooking
it's just like anything like just like
music there's an art to being a person
even yeah for sure yeah
right like why are some girls sexier is
it just biology or is there an art to
the way they communicate with you like
when people are being flirtatious and
then talking to each other there's an
art to that yes like a little bit of a
dance going on there yes absolutely some
people are better at it yeah I mean yeah
I mean it's a you know what gets your
attention I mean there's so many factors
like what it's like also like what you
tend to view what's the first cue that
generally will set you off
whatever that is experience as you were
a kid or you know someone you're on tour
whatever was it was really cool and your
cousin was a really sexy and those two a
combination of those two elements are
like something that you hit but I will
say like yeah I think it's just someone
who's is come when they're comfortable
with themselves they just haven't that
it also depends on what you're looking
for - yeah yep but because
resonance there has to be just like art
just like music yes we're talking about
like do you like it or not right music
to you it might be the greatest song of
all time to Jamie he's like yeah I can
take it or leave it
yeah yeah and then you can have a car
you can have an argument about it which
is really sweet but no one's ever right
the bottom out yeah it's all love Motley
Crue you love mom and crew it's not it's
not this is anything wrong and bloody
example but if you if you're fucking at
home by yourself doing that that's art
like why was that judge I'd do that with
Whitesnake all the fucking the story
before but a dude sent me in a white
snake is set and I can't use that it's
in the office because I had a girlfriend
that made me throw it away after I got
in a car accident I had a Whitesnake
cassette in my car oh right why'd she
make it because she thought of jazz dude
you she's really gonna tell me what to
do oh yeah she was older than me okay
and she she's packing up all my stuff
cuz my car was broken you know got I got
t-boned and as I'm grabbing all my stuff
she's like leave that I gonna leave what
she's like leave the Whitesnake it's
like you got to get over that music it's
like yeah it's terrible music she was in
like the Pixies that kind of shit oh
yeah yeah just did back then I loved I
loved them too but I also loved
Whitesnake there's a thing that people
do though where they only like things
that make them appear smart or
interesting and there's like it's like a
hustle like you tell people you're
really an Indian food and you really you
might really be but there's also a thing
you're doing like you're you're that
person that's only into the cool stuff
but like them
that fucking Whitesnake song is badass
that here yeah yeah yeah that's it's
awesome they only had a few they were
like really good they had that song is
fucking banging to this day is this love
that's a sexy video that was good videos
it's like one of my favorite videos it's
like the coolest even though it was 80s
and it was like hyper 80s it's one of
the few videos to me in my mind that is
that had a style that was that kind of
approaches timeless really yeah in a way
it's good this wheat the sincerity the
sincerity of it I mean that video is
sexy with Tawny Kitaen and and and like
her moving like around the bed or
whatever it was classy it was it was
like sexy was very adult kind of like
watch it shit I have it but she looks
amazing and and I love him just leaning
on the wall like that he's like mr. cool
guy it's it's done in such a sincere way
but it's just on the right side of me
still thinking that it's fucking great
it's great art direction it's promoting
ridiculous interactions yeah it was a
promote promoting a ridiculous
relationship just fucking talk what is
all this drama I mean that shit he's
very serious about what he's singing
he's like a better-looking Luke from
General Hospital
remember when Luke and Laura yes that's
it that guy it's like a better look in
Luke that's so his hair is preposterous
I know everybody there is just like off
the time a Janu had a friend that just
had hair like that like hey let's go
let's go hit the gym he's like hey man
you want to go go he's got like I get
some a gallon hairspray in that shit I
mean primped out that's just I ran back
then that's that's white hair bro yeah
you have the solution to that yeah yeah
your hair you just it's fantastic you
don't have to do anything yeah exactly
yeah yeah yeah it's a totally lazy chaos
it's lazy
yeah it's chaos but at the same time
like right but there's no work involved
in the nose it's a beautiful chaos Oh as
opposed to like yes no you got one of
them picks and you're spraying picks and
spring oh yeah get his hair that big oh
I know there's a lot of work involved
there that's a shit ton of hairspray as
a lady offset it's just to keep yeah cos
I like checking symmetry
I mean the the guitar the band the like
Whitesnake the band want some it was
like it was the supergroup of hard rock
like like it or metal I guess you can
kind of it kind of bleeds into that like
classic metal there's been a few of
those supergroup so I just gonna freak
me out man I'm like get off the car what
are you doing in the car lady it's like
she doesn't she just doesn't care
she's rude she's on cartwheels wild look
I wasn't serious that's what I mean man
he's really serious about what he's
singing about look and he's got three
synth players in a row by the way yeah
look at that
yeah what is that mean that's a correct
kind of hardcore I wish we could play
this because it's so wonderful I do love
the idea I mean let the hair color
combination in the car I mean you know
what this is good
this is what happened when the war on
drugs had a brief victory Oh what
happened that you're talking about the
band for a second the times Jimi Hendrix
in this is the the absence of drugs like
music creative this is coke yes is
definitely maybe every now and then but
it's not created by coke yeah that's
like high-end party I'm you know like
these guys are living like the high-end
party shit sure yeah that's I guess
that's where they're coming from but I
mean to me that's what I like you know
someone described the NS tens the the
classic stage monitor our sorry studio
monitors like when you're switching
between different types show me what
that looks like B right now you and
Jamie on the same frequency oh yeah yeah
well they're like a they're like this
classic mixing an exec like are a tone
and like they're just like speaker
systems that have kind of become
standards to a certain degree yeah and
so and that weird thing about in his
tens it's like in the 80s when they were
using them I believe that's the right
name for it but went in the 80s when
they were using them it was really it
had so much harsh high-end it was so
crispy sounding and they said it was
because of yeah it's because of coke
usage and coke usage like creates a
basically brains tend to favor different
sound frequencies under the influence of
different drugs and with coke they like
that high-end crispy sizzle that was
like hitting all the time and that was
all amplified so then when you hear 80s
music it tends to be it's mixed not all
of it but a great deal of it is mixed
with a lot of like upper mid treble miss
Chris penis that's kind of a that
totally make sense that's right you know
sometimes albums need to be remastered
because of that Wow but but that speaker
is responsible that's what this is what
I heard this is second-hand information
but efficient that makes sense to you
right
it does totally make sense to me I mean
it's one of those subtleties that you
may never think about but then when you
you hear about it you learn about it it
blows open a whole new way of thinking
about things
well I don't know this but that's what
everybody's always said about the the
the dead and LSD exactly yeah that if
you like the people that don't get the
dead and I'm guilty of being one of
those people yeah I'm not a huge fan but
I respect them it's because you haven't
listened on LSD apparently according to
people that I say you listen to the Dead
on LSD no like oh my god I get it oh I
see I see interesting it's it's LSD
music yeah yeah totally
my cousin used to follow them around
really yeah I filed that down for god I
want to say a couple years where she was
on tour they would selling bacon and
eggs out of the car she was a total
hippie like a real super legit hippie
that's kind of thick but um that's rare
so I got to talk to her about like the
culture everyone's an acid they're all
do so many of them are doing a Stram's
I'd say every one of them but it's like
it's probably half yes crazy for a
concert imagine going to a concert in
half that people were doing mushrooms
like I know 100% of the time half I
don't know if I'm that you're some pro
I'm sorry I'm just guessing I think it's
a it's it's psychedelic inspired music
that once you're under that psychedelic
apparently it makes sense and this is
not me talking from personal experience
yeah yeah yeah I mean it could be one of
those things where you know there's like
a photo
slightly out of focus and then if you
like bring in another or now better yet
like a code it's like you get a picture
of something and you're like I don't
can't I can't tell what it is abstract
and then you put you at this other layer
on and it completes it and you're like
oh that's what it is
mmm in a way like I can imagine that
being true but I can also say once
you've experienced music that really
ignites your imagination if you hear
music that sounds amazing on LSD
it should also sound amazing to you
personally not on it how you can tell
that it would be even more amazing if
you were on LSD but it already sounds
great
it's like to me qualities like it exists
in all states so like it's just yeah
anyways that's kind of how I look at it
it's an interesting perspective but you
would think definitely the people see
things differently when they under when
they're under the influence of sure
absolutely you you don't think there
could be like a tipping point oh I think
you're right no in2 to your point yes I
do think that there is music where you
like I don't know man and then you
listen to it on mushrooms or whatever
and you're like oh fuck this is dope I
remember the first no doesn't - whole
lotta love when I was high yeah and you
know that period there's a period in the
middle of the song where it's all just
thimbles and fuck music it's like yes
god damn I love that song but when you
listen that song hi you like these guys
were wild oh yeah this is the 1970s
right yeah and these guys made a song
where it started off great and then for
a minute and a half it was just moans
and fuck sounds shape for me baby I'm
gonna be your back door man hey oh I was
looking up this LSD okay for dead thing
so they're sound engineer who went under
the name bear which if you know they
didn't let the Grateful Dead
they used the Bears he was one of the
only scientist when LSD was outlawed I
could still
make it wow that was the sound guy yeah
oh Jesus Christ made it over five
million doses but in between 65 and 67
it says they had their own personal guy
and he was the one that making the sound
so if that guy's still alive man they
gonna put him in jail for the rest yeah
so they were strictly formatted for LSD
all right here's a dining car Oh
Australia that's probably on the wrong
side of the road because he was uh nasod
that's just like don't get mad he's my
hero I just cry and joke but that's
amazing so they have their own built-in
chemist God that must have been awaited
that's so cool
I love that because that's responsible I
think that that's the responsible thing
to do just let your own chemist that way
you're not buying any nonsense yeah
you're getting it from a guy who's a
chemist yeah this is your person that
personally makes this stuff for you you
know where it comes from
I just Matt how many people get busted
at those concerts did feds or the DEA
ever crack down on those concerts when I
work I you worked you said you worked
security yet like a great war yeah I did
too for a summer and one of the concerts
we did was for Phil Lesh he's the bass
player of the Grateful Dead in my job
for that day was to walk around the
parking lot and they would just yell me
and my buddy were 19 years old six up
six up they thought we were gonna arrest
everyone and they would try to give us
the goo balls which have a bunch of
drugs and I'm already two sort of dosis
so we'd leave everybody alone
what's a goo ball it's like a popcorn
ball but from what I was told I've never
had one bunch of psychedelics or show
this leg dogs in it yeah it's just like
a thing you would eat no this gets you
high the virus by just the first guy to
stumble on mushrooms
what fuck like mushrooms had to have
been like relearned at some point in
time there had to be some people that
lived in an environment where there was
no mushrooms where people didn't get
them and then someone found him
somewhere but they didn't have any
personal knowledge of what it wasn't
tried it made it and tripped that had to
have happened yeah I mean I think you
know it could it could also be like hey
I'm foraging for blah blah blah's and
because arguably they would save
mushrooms are around like
weh-weh with some people you know not so
scientific perhaps I don't know or maybe
scientific have surmised that maybe
consciousness or self-awareness came
from the our species running into some
kind of a psychedelic event you know
which caused like this hyper
self-awareness loop or whatever and then
you know why that one deserves a lot of
attention because people are so
resistant to it like really rational
intelligent people are so resistant to
it and it's almost resistant to what to
that concept oh yes but maybe our
consciousness was somehow influenced my
psychedelic but to a man almost to a man
all the oceans are that even I'm over
over generalizing but many of those
people have not had psychedelic
experiences that dismiss them so readily
that's true the people that have had
psychedelic experiences that tend to be
skeptical or more rational
they wouldn't they're not gonna have a
definitive position on it they're gonna
go well hmm
yeah right something to consider it's
more measured yeah there's the
hardliners you know there's a hardliners
on both sides the hardliners definitely
believe that happened and the hardliners
who believe that it that they don't have
any positive effects whatsoever yeah
yeah totally both almost equally foolish
exactly yeah yeah I mean that's that's
what we're experiencing right now but it
leaves the people that have experienced
it they know what they're talking about
the people that haven't experienced it
and don't think it's worth trying like
all right right like how do you know
yeah I know all these people are saying
that it's amazing and then it might be
this literally this source of religion
itself it's one of the people when
they've had it they have these complete
life changes where they doesn't rethink
things and want to be kinder to people
and nicer to people I don't want to just
have more of a sense of community yeah
and then you're just people dismissed
that but yet they'll take yoga seriously
in meditation seriously and they'll go
to a therapist all the time and maybe
they'll even get on antidepressants
maybe get all over the xanax somehow
more anxiety issues Reggie Watts and
then they're scared of mushrooms it's
weird
interesting yeah I mean I get I get it
and I I don't know oh I get it but it's
a flaw yeah it is a fly I mean it just
I guess if your job is to take in as
many angles as possible to a problem or
a situation or a concern or whatever way
all of the things about all of it yeah
and then come up with a
lucien based off of that but this isn't
even encouraging anyone to do it but
this is just saying to dismiss it as
being not important when you've never
done it is nonsense yeah that's all I'm
saying I'm saying it's like I'm not
saying you should do it I don't think I
know a lot of people that birth to grave
have done no psychedelics and they're
great and there are wonderful people in
a great life and they had a wonderful
experience it's not a prerequisite it's
not a necessary thing no oh yeah if
you're speaking on the issues like well
the research shows like oh you're gonna
let the research show you is what the
experience let me tell you about the
research five dried grams in silent
darkness as Terence Mckenna would
describe oh and prescribe yeah do that
oh my gosh
do that and then we'll talk yeah you
know just have one quick DMT trip and
we'll talk because there's no way that I
think it would be difficult I'm sure
there's someone who has done
psychedelics and has and still says no
sure yeah yeah but I would say that most
people they would understand at least
maybe they didn't have a great time but
they would at least understand the power
of that yerin's I think some people have
the burden of intelligence and what I
mean by that is that they're really
smart and they see a lot of people
around them that are silly and they
experience that so often that they get
weary and they get they get you know
they sort of get rigid in their belief
that their opinions are correct because
they dismiss most of the people that are
around them mm-hmm cuz you're out a
bunch of dummies if you're really smart
guy or smart girl it's hard it's hard to
maintain a good perception of what
things are and what things aren't when
you're the smartest person in the room
you kind of never want to be the
smartest person in the room yeah and
also yes and also believing that you are
yeah anyway excludes you from including
other people who are also smarter than
everybody in the room well Sonny maybe
not even smarter which I said but I
never sided by an ideology their
perspective isn't dimmed right yeah yes
they see things clearly which is I think
one of the most underrated forms of
intelligence like there's all this
intelligence and solving mathematical
problems
Yeah right social intelligence but this
heart there's there's a bunch of
different kinds of intelligence
absolutely be able to see through the
bullshit is-isn't intelligence and some
people don't have it yeah no absolutely
and I think that you know at the same
time wanting to help someone see that
angle is also an important thing so if
you're like a if you're someone who's
like oh shit like let's say it's us
maybe you're maybe you're trained in
tactical awareness right and you I just
have a different way of being in a room
where you sit talk about all that stuff
and the situation arises where like
potentially something dangerous could
happen or whatever then being able to
explain that idea and that type of
awareness so that someone can see that
is also possible like sharing it they
may not get it to the extent that you do
but they at least you've included it in
their viewpoint yeah maybe well people
that are soldiers they do have a weird
where men are in the room since my
friend Andy stump he's uh always
sneaking up on me said you got no
situational awareness yeah yeah like
we're in a crowd what am I supposed to
just constantly on 360 looking for
danger I mean yeah that's what he's
saying
that's because you see you know how they
look at they look at things a whole lot
difference how you stay alive exactly
yeah I think one of the things it's
super important for people to recognize
and helps them open their mind up to
other opinions is that even if they
favor themselves very highly that
competitive thing of comparing your
intellect and your reason to other
people it's very limiting yes then
instead of worrying about yourself if
you're smart just be smart yeah but they
just appreciate other intelligences if
it just just get into talking to them
this isn't that's my thoughts on it
instead of being competitive with them
get into trying to find out how they
they work because there's a lot of
different humans on this planet and we
have this egocentric position almost
everybody does that there are at least
better at one thing than other people
are or they know some more about one
thing that other people do it's a weird
competitive thing that people get
involved in it's been it's stupid like
yeah you should recognize that it's
awesome to have cool people around you
that are like really small
and interested in weird shit and you're
intelligent and inspiring you almost
envy their their creativity those are
massively important people to have in
your life but when people get they feel
weird about comparing themselves to the
other person because they come up under
favor NSYNC insecurities exactly that's
where I see that with a lot of guys guys
puff up chests and start you know
comparing like how much their houses
cost I feel like like literally doing
stuff that you're like oh we're still
doing this like to Tipton to my mind
away oh shit you guys aren't aware of it
like a way that I yeah you guys are
doing some 1990 shit here yeah because
it's like I know cuz like either they're
like doing an act yeah you know which
I'm always hoping and I'm always okay
that's why there's disbelief when it
really is what it is I'm like oh shit oh
that's best for real that's actually the
thing it's weird right yeah it is a
little it's a little weird I mean some
people have a lack of cool people around
them too that's a real problem
yeah he's stuck in a shit it's like a
good tomato plant is not gonna grow in
the fucking Sonora Desert all right
there's no nutrients there it's too
bright it's the sun's too hot it's not
the right climate Yeah right yes if
you're stuck in some fucking shithole
City and it's just your whole
neighbourhoods fill with dummies and
there's no prospects and there's fucking
lead in the water
you got Flint Michigan water you're
drinking there still haven't fixed that
no people if you drink bottled water in
Flint Michigan yeah in 2019 yep like how
how would that do they not have how did
they let that ever get to that point
like at all the things you need what do
we need to stay alive number one water
okay let's ignore that let's ignore that
and work on the cracks and the streets
let's ignore that and have new traffic
lights that have cameras on them to bust
you so we can get more revenue let's
yeah sure we hire Parkington what about
the water we do that we get that water
yeah well it's it's my new phrase for
you know our situation cuz capitalism
cuz the current version of capitalism
I said capitalism I don't even well no
one
about economics I mean I it's not really
it's more just like a philosophical
right I didn't have capitalism with
regulation so that you make sure that
there's no pollution you make sure that
PS of course we with environmental
disaster of course and aren't we also
going on the fucking momentum of
decisions that were made a long time ago
look a lot of this stuff like a lot of
these minds that pollute everywhere
pollute environments wherever they are
they kind of made those when environment
learn about environmental laws were
different right yeah for sure
I mean environmentalism was it wasn't
really a thing until like the mid 1900s
I guess so like like Roosevelt like was
like a huge like environmental hmm
groovy dude but the idea of preserving
swaths of land and like considering the
environment when growing an economy
simultaneously yeah like that just that
just stopped like there's like some
national parks stuff and maybe some
things passed with like ozone some lead
stuff some mercury stuff you know kind
of common sense really hardcore shit
that should definitely like no-brainers
those have been done but anything else
making sure that that balance is there
as the economy grows just doesn't exist
just the way capitalism is right now
it's like it doesn't that's not
considered a value there's the more in
fact that more scarce it becomes the
higher and value it is so it's so it's
in its own best interest to continue to
grow and grow and grow until it can't
grow anymore
so that so that's why decisions like
that are made in my in my mind while
decisions that impact the wilderness and
impact in the environment like did you
ever see that movie Gasland
no great documentary on fracking oh wow
really crazy what does the director's
name Josh Fox Rowland know he's a
different guy bro no there's no way no
no no way but it's an amazing
documentary and Jeff Hawk Josh Fox I did
Josh Fox um it's really good really
really good documentary it's whose box
he's a guy who made the film yeah
ok-hee and he was inspired by a personal
experience with wasn't it do you
remember the actual story Jamie it's
like personal experience with some
pollutants or something like that in the
river the guy didn't know anyway made
this amazing documentary and the
marching people dismiss some of the
stuff that documentary was so so surreal
oh yeah they were lighting their tap
water on fire and I don't know if you
saw that but I did see that yeah and
that's crazy people literally were
saying you could do that before the
fracking that's not it's not because of
the fracking Wow people were saying that
like okay let's assume that's true
let's just get craziness ooh that's true
the fucking water is on fire that's the
last shit that should be on fire is this
shit they used to put out fire yes your
goddamned water's on fire yeah do you
know how much shit has to be in your
water for it to be on fire okay what's
going on here and why are you so sure
that this didn't come from fracking and
that you could always let your water on
fire and now you're telling us yeah you
didn't make videos about this before
before there was a fracking thing yes
showing a video see are you sure of
interesting are you really sure that
there's a view tested the water you a
fucking scientist you sitting over there
with a lab coat and a fucking check
sheet yeah I'm sure that the the toxin
levels are exactly the same before and
after fracking no you're not but why you
so interested there's a thing that
people do with it like really interested
in the interests of big business and
they want that like the guess and
regular people who don't even have a
financial stake in that business will
make up excuses for the business I know
it's crazy yeah what is that it's fear
mmm it's just fear of losing jobs like
people like losing jobs or losing the
thing that keeps their their bills paid
it's also like that no-nonsense
right-wing mindset there's like a
no-nonsense right-wing mindset all these
fucking tree huggers goddamn tree
huggers oh yeah I stopped us from making
a good living you want those people to
be poured you want those people to you
ever see the look of a poor coal miners
face yeah and I mean there's that thing
that they do yes and no nonsense so they
want to go with anything that's like
good for the economy but bad for the
environment
it's just crazy it's because you never
Pfizer you have to factor in the other
the additional cost so how much is gonna
cost to fix what you did if you ever can
fix what you did and if you
can't fix what you did to the
environment how much should that cost
because if you could if you decide like
hey I'm gonna pull copper out of this
fucking hole in the ground but it might
kill a million salmon like you imagined
how much a million salmon would be worth
you're gonna kill a whole population of
salmon how much is that worth
I'll give you ruined fishing for all the
people that want to come to this one
salmon river yeah you kill a million
fish like how much is that worth that's
that should be worth a billion dollars
yeah you should get fined a billion
dollars if not more yeah you can't even
fix that that's what I'm that's what I'm
saying that's that's what that that
value that it has no value it's also
it's ours but who is earning is our
stuff I know it that's like me that's
like the earth it's just the worst
because it's like it does not it's just
a nut it's not a part of the equation
for growing the economy that's like and
I know there's gonna be people listening
they're like just know about this shit
hardcore I'm just approaching it from
like an over kind of philosophical
energetic viewpoint right right well
we'll be in hippies yeah we're being
like kind of a weirdo forest answers so
have you ever seen some of the image of
the mining that they do the images of
the mining they do in northern Canada
like northern Alberta no dude it's like
some hellscape shit it's crazy it's it's
like there's a giant industry of oil
mining up there yeah all kinds of mining
yeah and northern can a lot of folks
that go up there and they do shifts but
I mean you're talking unbelievably
brutally ruthlessly cold occasionally
people get jacked by bears yeah really
living there living with monsters just
outside the gates yeah I'm fucking
nights watch type deal what they're
trying to suck oil out of the ground and
I mean there's so much of it up there
and it's such a big part of the economy
that you have these giant like aerial
views of these this these places that
are just fucks ville Wow there's one of
them the one I thought was much more
horrific because it involves a lake so
what does it say photos fame
photographer Alex McLean's new photo of
Canada's oil sands are shocking yeah I
mean it's creepy it's I mean but there
was nothing there anyway the idea is
like hey if it's just flat like that or
it's ugly because we have holes in
oils coming out of the hole who gives a
shit no one's up here right look I get
it
I get that mindset we got jobs everyone
has jobs and it's true it's a great job
to have they make a lot of money you
meet those dudes that come to a lot of
shows when you do in Canada yeah they
have a name for him like really loyal
worker yeah yeah its royal it's real
real rich oil worker fellows yeah that's
the nickname did drilling he's giant
that's one that I saw and see the water
all fucked up it's all filled oil and
shit all my Lords yeah
that's a it's a water man yeah the
waters far Wow yeah yeah it's it's it's
funny all of the all of the issues that
all of the imbalances are completely
solvable there's like there is no
deficit we don't have a deficit mmm
in what it would take to just make good
decisions that have make life really
nice for most people on the planet I
think a lot of managing has to be done
because there's a lot of stuff that has
unintended consequences and moving
pieces affect all the moving pieces
around them of course I think that's one
of the things that people are really bad
at predicting that's why I was saying
like yeah you know how much is it worth
to be able to get copper out of a hole
in the ground it's gonna poison a river
and kill a bunch of fish how much is
that worth yeah you know it's like these
people have this sense that like you
make one decision that it only affects
that thing but it doesn't affects a lot
of things they're connected to that
thing yeah it also affects the way
people feel if you do something shitty
like kill a million fish people get
bummed out like that's real it affects
the way they interact with other people
yeah you know when you read something
really fucked up on the news you like
goddamnit
and so you leave your house like that
you leave your house like god damnit
yeah two people that have that goddammit
and then they they get upset at each
other for something that wouldn't before
yeah because they're just thinking
there's a bunch of pedophiles out there
and a bunch of monsters and a bunch of
murderers and a bunch of people porn oil
into the ocean ya know - bummer it
changes when people do fucked-up things
it changes how we feel about people 100%
and I I don't know I get I don't know
it's I try to get that to get
overwhelmed by those
but you know it's like really the best
thing at least in my life that I try to
do is is make friends with as many
technologists and designers and people
of that ilk hmm
to be able to at least be a part of the
conversation cuz they're at that they're
like that the head of the wave I think
there's there's nothing really in front
of them they're just on that like you
know whatever bleeding edge or whatever
but it's just like that the place where
chaos is being ordered and like the
decisions are being made which waves
we're going to do that and if you can
have good conversations with people like
that you can kind of I believe you can
kind of help steer things at least
technologically to allocate funds to
different portions of technology that it
should be more prioritize than that than
they are hmm like like just figuring out
things like accumulating water out of
out of the air like more of that should
be used or reducing carbon emissions all
the various things you can do for that
you know try to close that gap between
the ultra ultra ultra ultra rich and in
the poor it's like everyone can still be
super happy if everyone if everyone had
access to be able to level up to a point
that's ridiculous that can still happen
but not at the levels that they are well
it's not interesting that the instinct
that people have to resist that idea
that poor people shouldn't be somehow or
another we should engineer a way to have
less poor people that we should consider
it as a problem but people get really
resistant to that right you start
thinking oh no no what do you want to do
you want to take my fucking money and
give it to someone else no it's yeah I
take my money but could social Lucy's
take my minor yeah it's like well he
didn't work for it so he didn't find the
right way to work inside of the system's
yeah I'm sorry I don't think they're
right I don't think they're wrong about
the whole concept of not giving people
money doesn't solve a problem no it
doesn't solve a problem but recognizing
that it's a problem and engineering it
so that we have a better society where
more people are doing good that's great
for everybody so early it's great for
the economy it's a weird caste system
thing where people who are really poor
you almost want them to stay really poor
yeah you don't want to I don't get it
it's weird I don't get it I'm like I cuz
I feel uncomfortable if I'm in a room of
people and I feel like someone's being
kind of just looked over consistently
yeah that's the person I'm gonna engage
with the most well you're a great guy
that's awesome you are that I mean
that's a good way of looking at I mean
cuz it's it and also it's just like kind
of people thanks but it's really it's
it's all just a practical thing right i
mean i mean if you're sensitive to that
but if that's part of your value system
it's like i feel like you know not
everybody should be doing this or this
or that or that but everybody is
entitled to be recognized and respected
for that and so that's kind of a cool
place to operate from but I guess ymez
relating to economically
yeah if more people are doing well then
you then you have a very productive
society right there are no drags on it
like there's a lot dragging this this
economy sure it's just like yeah crime
and poverty is getting beyond drug
addicts yeah and a lot of drug addicts
come from abuse yeah a lot of abuse
comes from poverty there's a lot a lot
of those factors that play in there that
make us a weaker country that's how I'll
be like if you really patriotic you'd
want to fix all of the impoverished
neighborhoods yes we if we're a team the
team is stronger when there's less
losers right well people are not losing
in life well people are losing because
they're stuck in a spot where they can
almost never get out by the time they're
18 they've already been in jail twice
and they're kind of programmed by their
environment to be hostile because the
world around you is harsh and nasty and
doesn't give a fuck about you well you
have to adapt to survive I mean that's
how people are able to kill people in
war people have a remarkable ability to
adapt yes but the idea that they should
be able to figure that out when you
didn't have that's crazy that's crazy
it's such a bad hand you have the worst
hand of cards ever yeah and they're us
we're all on the team like if you really
say you're American I'm American man
I'll fucking support this country this
country's everybody man yeah everybody
everybody I forget let's leave just for
convenience sake let's leave out
illegals yeah and only say the poor
people that were born here that are you
registered United States citizens week
out work to do oh yeah we got work to do
it's it's it's just it's a to me I mean
I I see it and I'm like oh fuck man that
shouldn't be a thing well but I see why
you know it's like you're talking about
there's this weird biological human
instinct to create a tiered system of
xiety because that's the way you control
society is like creating a transmission
looks like a social transmission and
like that is interesting way of looking
at it yeah cuz it's like that way you
can manipulate you can like switch gears
and you can play out you can play them
off of one another
mmm and and you know and I think like
some conspiracy thinking writers it
convenient is they can just convenient
that people want to keep it's crabs in a
bucket you know that expression yeah
crabs never get out of the bucket the
other crabs grab them and drag them down
yeah yes true yes I mean it's a it's
predicting human behavior you know to a
certain extent and it's a lot of left
over monkey stuff yeah man it's the it's
not it's just still here yeah so here
and it's a question shit up well we also
needed it just a hundred years ago
totally yeah yeah it was people were
doing duels when they were the president
was doing duels yeah you're right this
is so recent you're right yeah every
barek shit man shoot each other with
little mini muskets in the fucking
Street front everybody and you were the
president that's true
was there president that got a duel this
is true right I think you're a looked it
up as Andrew Jackson gotten like over a
hundred doors I think but that's like
was like that dual type to it was really
just like a challenge to see who if you
would show up really and then like
always like someone died didn't shoot
anybody he did like one person Oh about
it they don't aim at each other that's
why that's oh I heard that there's like
you kind of like a mere them doing
something like that yeah and that was a
way to concede in one duel he got shot I
think in the chest but he was such a
badass he stayed he like put his hand
over it and held it and insta cuz his
gun jammed when he was supposed to fire
so the other guy got him and then he
fixed his gun shot the guy in the head
and that guy ended up I'm pretty sure
that's that's yeah but like the one guy
who killed town she do you have a real
motivation to kill a guy when shoots in
the chest
that's yeah you're like oh he eliminate
threat now this becomes really just has
to stand there he can't run away goofy
is that you have to stand there let it
do shoot you that's part of the deal
right I don't
the am Turner
oh my god happy like I win bitch and yes
a guy named Charles Dickinson not the
rider but a horse a rival horse breeder
and here's the account of their oh my
god okay here it goes on May 30th 1806
Jackson and Dickinson met at Harrison's
Mills on the Red River in Logan Kentucky
at the first signal from there seconds
Dickinson fired Jackson received
Dickinson's first bullet in the chest
next to his heart Jackson put his hand
over the wound to staunch the flow of
blood and stayed standing long enough to
fire his gun Dickinson seconds claimed
that Jackson's first shot misfired which
would have meant that the wool was over
but in a breach of etiquette Jackson
reeked acht the gun and shot again this
time killing his opponent although
Jackson recovered he suffered chronic
pain from the wound for the remainder of
his life
dang Jackson was not prosecuted for
murder and the duel had very little
effect on a successful campaign for the
presidency in 1829 many American men in
the early 1800s particularly in the
south viewed dueling as a time-honored
tradition just a couple of years ago
with barbarians you're like well
sometimes you just got to do it that is
a time-honored tradition 200 years ago
people were so goddamn crazy that you
could shoot someone in the fucking face
in a duel a street fight and then run
for president and win ya its consent
consensual I mean there are versions of
that now but amazing but yeah his
divorce rate raised more of a scandal
than him killing that guy Wow how's that
possible
Wow I mean again priorities different
societies yeah what is gossip like back
then like gossip magazines and have like
like hand printed newspaper with gossip
in it that they would hand out yeah well
why would his divorce become a big deal
not that the printing press back then
right oh yeah for sure yeah you know the
United States got it theirs in 1850 like
everyone had to buy into it people are
so goofy that just a couple hundred
years ago they were so goofy I mean
that's one of the best examples of like
a difference in a shift in culture
imagine hearing that today imagine
hearing that we had slid so far down
that
and Putin we're engaging in a duel and
they were gonna go back-to-back and
chomp cheated and shot him and we're
yeah I wonder who would cheat who will
have that habit of 12 chump took a
bullet but his gun misfired then he reek
arced it and fire again oh that would be
something that's what but that's what he
did
that's what Jackson did Oh Mike was it
Jackson yeah yeah though okay so he
married Rachel Jackson who this is part
of the duel because the guy killed
Dickinson had publicly called her a
bigamist because she married Jackson not
knowing her first husband had fought not
finalized the divorce or something like
that so that was a bigger scandal that
he was married to some already married
woman oh like that got outed so he's
like fucking you when I kill you oh my
goodness Wow so he challenged him to a
duel because Jackson challenged him to a
duel yeah that and I renig horse bet he
said oh my god of course you can't cheat
on horse betting
yeah that's those are two big things man
don't say a man's wife is a bigamist you
don't say that's what they're shooting
people over fucking horse bets at shit
yeah those are barbarian people in this
our ancestors just two hundred years ago
this is like very civil civil barbarian
is like well we're barbarians with their
rules well that's one of the more
hilarious stories of the Revolutionary
War right the way the British soldiers
dressed was so silly they literally put
a target on their fucking chest
they made their vitals lighter it may
look a few you should enhance you know
it's like you can see if you could see
things clearly it makes a much more
viable target yes period yeah and you're
talking about people that didn't have
any sights on their guns
in terms of optics obviously they had
like little machined sights little metal
sights but the way these guys walk
towards them especially the ones with
the X's on the chest or shit is so
ridiculous they're walking bull's-eyes
is the dumbest thing Wow and the only
thing I'm is it makes sense to me that
they had just had it easy for too long
not not even easy but they were in
control for too long they got they got a
little silly
yeah God how barbaric people can be
earlier thinking about fashion well that
the weirdest fashion right like that
that was what they used for wartime like
this is really professionals yeah you
know I mean like this soldiers looked a
little bit more like hey guys were
professional soldiers and we're it
doesn't look like good clothes for
fucking people up in no it looks cool
yeah but what a weird outfit right that
military weird how much hand-to-hand
combat were they doing it wasn't a lot
of swords it was just joking off that's
all they did they just got in the woods
and cuz if they knew any digits I think
I would be great someone could choke
everyone out with that with those
outfits yet it's just I bet that
clothing doesn't move good too
I mean I'm just guessing but I think
they're fucking cloth it's probably dog
shit back then yeah a real stiff hard to
move around and it's just a weird outfit
it's not like something you if you were
to run through the woods and fire a gun
you want to wear with like soldiers wear
today and you want to be able to blend
in but it's just so strange that that
wasn't even a concern back then they
have knee-high leggings yeah weird shoes
wars were more like chests like every
like the soldiers and all the different
rank-and-file they're all like pieces on
a chessboard so it's all about strategy
you know it's like we'll line our men up
this way and we'll do this and blah blah
blah it's more like that's how battles
are being organized is like chess games
you know before you had gorillas right
right right
well was gorillas at first and then it
became how that's true yeah like Mongol
there were lighting people on fire and
catapult yeah by any means necessary
wore those shoes did not have tread they
hadn't invented tread on shoes yet
that's how I see people are yes they had
leather shoes so the soles were leather
so they were scuffed up but there was no
tread I bet you some soldiers like
figured out how they wrapped you know I
sunk leather and wrapped layers you know
I'm around the foot so it's great
interaction yeah because if you think
like you take like a trail running shoe
and if you ever wear like like a Salomon
speed cross trail she loves us yeah
they're great they have these big divots
in the bottom yeah really dig into the
dirt with those things yeah if you had
to compare yourself running up a hill in
cowboy boots that have the flat leather
Slippery source versus you would fall on
your fucking face yeah there's no way
you'd have any confidence yeah I have
that nothing but those Solomon's just
dig in and go it gives you a totally
false perception of real I have um those
Vibram FiveFingers running shoes oh yeah
yeah yeah and I run in the trail ones
which have like a good amount of tread
in it but one day I tried to run in the
ones that aren't trail ones they're
they're basically just for the gym
they're super thin there was no tread at
all I was falling on my fucking face my
legs were just going whoops going uphill
your legs just go whoopsies oh no no
tread at all it's just slippery I can
imagine that you need like if you run it
up a stiff hell you need divots you know
you need something like - yeah don't
even have that back they just had
leather you find tread I sort of found a
shoe I think it says it was from the
Revolutionary War but it doesn't show
the tread is just a fucking old piece of
leather that's yeah Rossi - don't tread
on me there that was their shoes back
then bullshit ass shoes but the bottom
was just fucking leather I mean when I
when they figured out like Vibram
leather soles you know I mean rubber
soles where the hell you get out how to
get those like thick socks some more
time yeah those are those are clogs well
basically this borrowed that Dutch
technology yeah wooden shoes fuck look
at those things Wow
dude this is a couple hundred years ago
people would just take animal skin off
and chop it up and put it on their body
I mean that's how people stayed alive
like how they figured out wood and
leather I wonder who the first fucking
monkey was to figure out our skin and
animal and where its skin you know had
to be like in the monkey days right now
I feels like it'd be a couple
generations away from the monkey maybe
don't you think maybe it was one just
can't imagine a monkey doing one mean
motherfucking chimp and they were going
north and there's one dude who always
annoyed them so he kills him with a rock
and then uses the rock to take his
fucking skin off and where is it to
freak everybody else out but then he
realized it makes him warm
you know a little further north uh-huh
that's like a movie okay
I'd like to get a movie can you see that
scene I can see that that that that's
like that's what the entire movie leads
up to wonderful in the first monkey
figured out he could kill an animal with
like a tool like the firt like Australia
Pittacus or one of those oh yeah
primitive humans when the first one was
that stabbed something like a stabbed a
rat or a rabbit with a stick and went
holy shit right I can just use this tool
yeah what other tools I'm gonna start
eating yeah I'm gonna eat good because
if you didn't have a weapon how hard is
it for a person to kill something with
your hands what are you even gonna get
what are you gonna catch what the fuck
can you catch with your hands
well I can't catch a squirrel you'd be
just your hands no tools you'd be
hunting and gathering mostly I mean I
mean gathering I would say yeah you'd be
eating shit that you found on the ground
yeah that's primarily what you would eat
and then once in a while you'd get
something an animal but but yeah but
then they had yeah you're right they
obviously had to figure out different
ways of getting animals well it's one of
the shifts that they think took place
that allowed the human brain size to
double over a period of two million
years no real human brain size
apparently I was listening to a Terence
Mckenna lecture on this once and he was
talking about all the human brain size
doubled over the period of two million
years it's one of the biggest mysteries
in the fossil record and his idea was
that they discovered mushrooms and that
the chimps over this period of time with
the monkey people whatever the fuck they
were in ancient hominids yeah had
discovered mushrooms after the climate
had shifted and he backs it up and he
did back at my place he's dead now
he backed it up with some climate data
that we know from you know core samples
and stuff like that yeah he thinks that
they experienced climate change where
the rainforest had receded in the
grasslands and that this gave birth to
the rise of ungulates like cows and you
know deer and things like that yeah and
they would shit these mushrooms would
grow on their shit and then they've
observed a lot of these monkeys in the
wild
picking up cow patties and looking for
grubs and beetles underneath it I think
they might have experimented with the
mushrooms and that if they experimented
with psilocybin mushrooms a lot of
things could take place once they
realized that it was not just a viable
food source but also provided them with
a bunch of different benefits one being
their vision and increases visual acuity
know we're seeing those roses yeah so
they make them see things better - makes
them hornier makes it more communal and
it makes them more creative and all
those things possibly could have given
birth to the two to language and to a
lot of other things they also think it's
possible that that creativity could have
enabled them to start hunting that they
started using tools and you in thinking
and and trying to figure out ways around
stuff and trying to you know try to
figure out how to make an effective
weapon to kill something in the distance
like the more they're thinking and
becoming creative the more that stuff's
enhancing them and this this period of
two million years is like a pretty
profound jump for the human brain sighs
they think some of that also came to do
with our desire to kill things with with
weapons but once we started hunting and
eating meat we got way more protein more
bioavailable protein all it was
healthier for the animal for the human
animal and then we also started to try
to figure out other better ways to kill
these animals which made it even more
creative and competitive yeah yeah and
they think that all this these all these
factors might have taken place that
turned us into a person that's pretty
amazing two million years yeah it's just
like a deviation well you know it's 65
million years ago we were like a mole oh
yeah people will like a little shrew
that's all that's right I remember that
what's the name of that thing I think
it's sort of Norfolk errific good trick
well it's north kisser Franciscus I
think you're right North Crispus
sisters it was like a weird little Mole
sorry specific this that's what it is
yeah it's um a little tiny rodent yeah
because I did a podcast or it with oh
there it is the alias of what does that
word youth Thorian eutherian mammals was
a small rat-like creature depict
in this illustration that lived 145
million years ago in the shadow of the
dinosaurs
so that rat-like creature apparently
survived the earthquake impact I don't
think that's the thing though it's
there's another there's a formal name
for it I would I know because I was on a
podcast and they were that one of the
segments of it they talked about this
thing this is but they don't the only
reason why I'm skeptical because it says
145 million years ago but I guess maybe
they survived the impact scroll back up
to the top of the title says these
rodent-like creatures are the earliest
known ancestors of humans whales and
troops oh ok that's even more crazy like
we used to be a whale yes our ancestors
we shared a common ancestor I should say
yeah we like went into the sea and then
yeah on land that thing that fucking rat
became a whale what all right maybe
that's it ok mm-hmm got turned into a
person folks think about that we set in
your rat traps and then 100 million
years from now rats might be some super
superior human form I think that's very
possible but I mean that I get why
Christians are skeptical now like what
do you show me your work God made this
God didn't I was not a rat I was not a
rat sir yeah I just appeared but in
essence here's what here's a way to kind
of maybe justify that argument it's like
let's say the mushroom thing is true
right so in essence humans became humans
with the intervention fuel of a natural
psychedelic substance which then
expanded the mind and enabled the growth
of that my the acceleration of
intelligence self-awareness like like
Lightspeed and so in essence like God
created man or whatever you like that
idea it's like well in in essence it is
the unit if you think of God is the
universe or whatever I that's one way
thinking of it God a collective
consciousness whatever you want to call
it like that that intervention or the
the ability to see or sense that
expansiveness of that collective
intelligence could be attributed to God
so therefore you could say well I was
never apply was like well yeah you are
from that
what created you was something more
cosmic so and if if that's even true
well I was reading a quote today from
that someone was mocking from Piers
Morgan we was talking about the unit
like atheists and not knowing what
happened before the Big Bang not knowing
how no one has any answer for what
happened before the Big Bang and about
how this made sense to him that this is
I think the way he was saying it was a
somehow or another was evidence or at
least in his eyes of something more
superior out here this no atheists can
never say what was there before the Big
Bang they just say nothing and they
can't explain what nothing actually is
no human brain can which is why I
believe in something that has superior
powers to the human brain well that
makes sense that there's definitely
think out Brian Cox went after his ass
what a Brian Cox a if you mean the hot
Big Bang then there may be a period of
rapid expansion known as inflation this
theory is able to account for the
observed features of the universe
including
cluding the CMB power spectrum and the
flatness and horizon problems I love it
Cox just came at him with the science I
love it
I always try to do it I know what he's
trying to say what Pierce mark is trying
to say and he's right no one has an
answer as to like why this thing became
why the Big Bang happened it's an
interesting quote by this guy we was
talking about forget who it was I wish I
could remember but he was talking about
how people how it might have been
McKenna have so much faith in science
and so little faith in mystical things
but yet science revolves on one initial
theory where magic took place where
everything came out of nothing that it
was smaller than the head of a pencil so
everything you see in the observable
universe including planes trains and
automobiles all of it had to have had an
origin in the most spectacular sorcery
the world has ever known
like it is all dependent upon magic so
he wasn't he wasn't saying that you know
ridiculous ideological ideas of the
start
birth and death of the universe are fact
but he was saying that look look the
fact according to scientists is that all
evidence points to this whole thing
coming out of nothing this whole thing
this whole thing existing out of nowhere
and with Piers Morgan it's I think is
saying is that that gives birth that
that gives proof did something superior
to the human brain which for sure it
does well yes yes here we are at this is
Terence Mckenna we were asked by science
to believe the entire universe sprang
from nothingness and at a single point
and for no discernible reason this
notion is the limit case for credulity
in other words if you can believe this
you can believe anything well I think I
said it I said it in a paraphrase achill
way that's basically the same thing he's
um you know yeah saying look it's all
it's all knots man yeah I mean my thing
is like I think I like to think of it as
in simulation terms and in in the sense
that if thinking of like reality the way
it's perceiving the way that we move
through it is a kind of a designed game
of sorts mm-hm and so if I think of it
in that way like nothing and something
nothing in something that's just kind of
that's the core of our reality right we
live in a binary reality everything is a
complex assortment of binaries that add
up into a really complex system right in
a way so what do you think it's moving
towards well think about that well
that's that's the thing I think that
part of the rules or what makes it hard
to rationalize like nothingness or or
something very very fantastic is just
because it because it's binary we are
binary in our thought process so it's
hard for us to not think of things in a
binary way so we think other was a
beginning no there was an ending there
was a beginning there's an ending but
really it's infinite it's like it's
paradox right it's everything and
nothing simultaneously hmm and and the
absence of which but but I've I guess
what I'm saying is that the idea that
things are infinite that reality is
infinite it's kind of a good way but
kind of can be scary but a good way to
think of it because it doesn't make any
sense
wouldn't be it seems like we have a
limited way of viewing what reality is
and I think we're limited by a binary
thought processes
I guess well it's also interesting that
we want to put any sort of limitations
on the universe and that yeah its
immense size isn't crazy enough for us
we could look at what we know right if
we know that the universe has hundreds
of billions of galaxies like just
there's a bunch of competing theories as
to what happens you know with black
holes and whether or not there's
multiverses there's a bunch of theories
right yes right but one of the most
profound ones that it was ever explained
to me is that there's a supermassive
black hole in the center of every galaxy
and it's exactly I think 1/2 of 1% of
the mass the entire galaxy oh really so
the bigger galaxies have bigger
supermassive black holes and the concept
is that is there is a real possibility
that going through that black hole you
would encounter an entirely different
universe with hundreds of billions of
galaxies each galaxy have a black hole
in the center of it go through that
black hole an entirely different
universe so each one s universe when you
have hundreds of billions of galaxies
there are hundreds of billions of
universes through those black holes and
each one of those galaxies or each one
of those universes has also hundreds of
billions of galaxies and each one of
those has a black hole you go through
that hundreds of billions of galaxies
that the whole thing fractal exactly
just like this cubes happening there's a
resistance come on yeah there's a thing
like an instant reaction to resist that
notion as if the universe itself isn't
already the most incredible thing of
magic right I know what do you care if
it's infinite why is it why would you
even resist that well because that's the
part of the binary thinking it's like I
want something to have an end it's like
it's a it's a way for us to survive but
like you know it's like oh there's an
end to that that creates a a need to
survive but when you think of things in
an abstract way like well if something
is just infinite infinite infinite and
what does that mean about us it's like
that's the question
that's the thing to explore because then
you have to renegotiate or your your
relationship to reality yeah which is
pretty sick we have at least we'd like
to take comfort in the idea that the
universe has at least there's a certain
parameter to it I know now it's 14
billion light years and that's it no
more no marker as if you can even
understand what 14 billion light is
there's no way it could be that number
it seems more like 19 but whatever that
number is you know they don't say the
way Cox explained it to me yeah that you
and I believe Sean Carroll explained it
this way as well there's a real dis real
lack of understanding about what goes
beyond that because it takes a certain
amount of time for light to even get to
us yeah and that time that that the
light doesn't move fast enough to reach
us from further events yeah so I give
you had something from like 200 billion
light years ago but maybe the light
would even get to us yet yeah there's
things that yeah I mean we're living in
a siphoning yeah I mean that's when you
see that's the other mind fuck when
you're looking this guy and you're
seeing a galaxy or of any sort of star
like in the deep deep deep distance of
space yeah the fucking light coming from
that thing left a million years ago yeah
right now way more you're literally just
looking at the past what is it if you
had imagined what is the closest star to
our star in the seeable universe when
you look up into the night sky
we think the Darla's star how is that a
star sometimes things are called stars
but they're planets from old-school
times oh and I could be wrong if you had
a guess was the closest how many my
office in sorry I don't know that's how
straight I sent or is it how much is it
how far was that or 4.3 light years from
Earth wow that's too bad that's a hop
skip and a jump if you go the speed of
light take you 40 yeah it's like the
Hawaii of outer space that like they go
there and there's a pit stop there
before they come to earth and the aliens
come they want to chill I
oh shit some use for breaking not really
it's a binary pair so I imagine that
means that they move yeah each other
they orbit around each other there's
technically a third star Proxima
Centauri which is because it says those
are an average of 4.3 this one's 4.2 -
so it's well Nikoli close they're nice
in an average so two are closer than the
one on one day now do they know if
there's planets around those stars so
they they didn't even know there were
other planets for sure other than oh
isn't it crazy so just a couple decades
it's it's so amazing to me it's like
shining a flashlight in the ocean yeah
you know like that's what space is like
it's like you're removing a beam but
like things are constantly changing at
different distances and you can see
better under certain circumstances and
you can see at different times so like
it's kind of like a big existential
party you're like I think I'm making
sense of this and then there's all these
theories and then someone catches
another angle they're like no no I mean
yes a little bit of what you guys were
thinking but also this they're like fuck
and they just keep adding to it but I
don't know if we're gonna find
necessarily anything we talked to
physicists about the subject and they
try to explain to you how they even
reach these conclusions mm-hmm and how
they know that there's black holes out
there in the first place and the a
theories fucking like these these these
theories of multiverses and yeah that's
my favorite and brains the membranes
that there's like yeah mmm theory like
lines of universes then we collide with
each other again yeah fuck that's what I
think goes sorry by the way which was
like in interest it was it interstellar
yeah with Matthew Modine is that the
star or the Russian training with the
log
yeah I'm just Aris yes no he wasn't
Russian no no no no who's the shoot oh
yeah he was like Ultra guitar boy yeah
some but there was like a guide training
that or what game was the opponent
training well Matthew Modine was
training crazy but he was trying to drop
weight to go down to fight this to
wrestle this guy that everybody was too
yeah that's right it would but was shoot
the one that was walking the Loch yeah
it's carrying a log up bust up stadium
stairs that's right
that was so sand he was like super hard
cause like you think gonna make the
weight
I hope so he was I hope so too and just
kept walking with the log that's so good
see if you can find that seat that's so
good I mean it's a great movie man it's
it's a great thing because like that
interaction right there is so genius
because it's like tells you everything
you need to know about both of those
characters yeah yeah exactly
so they go there area is there's a dude
is badass beast wrestler of course he's
by himself and if I can cool headband
well his friend was a fake Indian and
lied about being a Native American so he
could get into college no she first
started made him look cool like here we
go do I know you
oh I don't swing Thomson hi can you play
this over the air no no don't we're
getting we get pulled yeah taking to
make the wait I hope so
it's like all up so - just walking
around to the log boom when everyone's
scared oh wow it's pretty big yeah great
for 80s dad again well he looked like a
real wrestler yeah you look real like
guys like Mark Schultz when he's
competing in the Olympics he was fucking
jacked man yeah there was some jack
wrestlers back then still this obviously
yeah it's one of the more physically
intensive things you can do had that
protection that muscle protects you
yeah it's also I mean just wrestling all
the time you're getting it sort strong
oh yeah that true that - you get a
certain kind of strength to get that
weird grip strength oh man and tell me
that shit was like it's like immediate
like violent amounts of strength like
for grips and stuff like because I just
remember my friend he was a wrestler any
and I was like yeah I don't know
wrestling it seems pretty hard it would
ever see here let me show you a move and
I was standing I was looking at him and
I just blinked and I was just out of
breath just on the ground on my back
just like
they're experts at throwing bodies
around just like oh it's like strength
grip and being able to torque shit and
yes it happen I mean it's insane well
think about things you do to get fit
right like with sandbags and stuff
people do a lot of like extreme things
right they flip tires throw sandbags
yep they take heavy bags too they throw
them over their shoulders oh yeah when
you're wrestling you're doing all that
plus and plus it's resisting plus
another thing is trying to get you right
yeah it's super active it's like it's
like active strength is gonna be a
deeper form of strength yes yes a range
of motion strength yeah
that's why the worst kind of strength is
like Nautilus machine strength yeah yeah
weight assistant is not the worst kind
of strange didn't say that those things
all have their purpose they're really
good for like specific types works at
workouts and specific types of exercises
where you're just trying to fatigue the
muscles like a lot of like a lot of
strength and conditioning athletes like
to use those to bang out reps because
it's they feel like there's less factors
going on in terms of whether or not you
could drop the weight when you're losing
you have nations it's safer osted it's
safer but it's most people don't think
it's ideal for just right for sport
specific name for just overall strength
because you're you're not getting
balanced with it like if you if you go
to heavy weights like free weights most
people think that free weights are
superior to a machine because you got to
balance that thing push it and you
develop you develop stability you're
actually holding the weight instead of
just pushing against for like using your
force against something that's lined up
on tracks yeah you're controlling it you
have to control it the whole way yeah so
that's what wrestling is but it's
fighting back it's even harder eighty
pound dude who's also fighting back and
fuck you trying to pick them up and move
them around and he's also trying to get
you at the same time yes anagh strict as
all strategic yes you're like on a
strategic instinctual level you know
then you hope your training and your
reflexes and your tuition it's really
interesting to watch like really
skillful technical wrestlers because
they go from one technique to another
and they just chain wrestle like
watching like a lot of those
particularly rush
there's a lot of Russian a lot of Soviet
bloc athletes from you know years back
even we're like really really technical
with their wrestling really beautiful to
watch them chain these techniques
together yeah do these different moves
to try to achieve dominance
it's a crazy sport yeah I whenever I
watched it it's like you feel like it's
like when I watch dance I'm like I'm
kind of moving with it you know I mean
it happens with all sports I suppose but
wrestling it's just like like like the
energy when I'm watching it which has
been very rare but in high school used
to see wrestling matches and my friend
was a wrestler and just be like yeah
yeah it's cool cuz it's like it slows
down it's fast it's slow it's fast
they're exhausted
you take a break they go in and then
then like nothing for a while like
really just like slow moves and then
suddenly someone just does like this
really weird walk and it just flips and
it's like I love that energy man it's a
different thing than any other sport
yeah it's different than any other sport
that's in the Olympics to like the
Olympics yeah boxing and wrestling and
then you have sports judo yeah judo and
even talk one no they have talked window
Olympics to now but the thing is that
it's a different kind of sport man it's
the sport where people get fucked up
those are different
yeah just they're just different it's a
different feeling when you're watching
it it's a different consequence when you
fail yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah I mean
it's as close as you can get it's the
closest thing to fighting oh yeah I mean
cuz fighting is mostly grappling it's a
lot of it a lot not everything yeah but
like at least what 2/3 maybe well okay
so real fight it's really like a street
fighter I guess I make street fights go
down pretty quick sometimes they do but
sometimes they just get people get
knocked out sometimes people could just
get flat line because they don't know
how to strike and someone does and I'd
punch them in the face that happens a
lot there's a lot of videos I think I
see those yeah I mean it definitely does
happen that a lot of fights go to the
ground and I think jiu-jitsu great thing
to learn and wrestling is a great thing
to learn because of that like the
ability to manipulate
it's body is really important but you
also should understand what someone's
doing if they're trying to punch you
some people just don't have any idea
what's happening yeah just get their
fucking Bell crack because they don't
see a guy pulling his hand back they
don't see the shift in weight right
let's see someone about to punch them
they don't see where the punch is gonna
come from with direction that they have
to avoid they don't see those things
because they've never experienced it
because they they don't have a training
they don't have any training and
striking that's just as that's fucking
dangerous man that's with because if you
lose to a wrestler or you lose to a
jiu-jitsu guy a lot of times you rest on
my beat you up on the ground you might
ground and pound you but yeah jiu-jitsu
guys probably just gonna choke you
but kickboxers gonna slam his fucking
chin in your face you know one time you
do not want that oh it's the worst way
to lose the worst way to lose is to a
striker weekend no this is a
fastest-ever knockout neo see history
this guy Jorge Masvidal knocked out this
two-time Olympic wrestler Ben Askren he
was a beast of a wrestler and it knocked
him out five seconds cuz Askren went to
shoot to try to get ahold of his legs
and miles Bedell ran out I'm with a
flying knee and hit him right in the
face while he's trying to bend forward
that's legal yeah oh fuck yeah it's
legal that's it right there oh oh fuck
it's all over the internet you want to
see it so yeah takes five seconds it was
one of those things where we watched it
we went holy shit like as it happened
okay is that us talking about it but
don't mind uh you just turned away from
I wasn't the one below it that wasn't it
wasn't it no it wasn't it oh it's other
people talking about the reaction I see
it's definitely on Instagram but
apparently it's getting pulled left and
right yeah of course they're gonna try
to do that which it's just it's just
like that's for everybody let everybody
have this like no we need that we need
to own that commodity but that's it's
it's good for everybody it's not how the
internet works either you don't win here
hands here we go
so this is the beginning in the fight
ready this is round one yep how cold
five-second call by the raft though yeah
it wasn't even really five seconds he
was out cold at three seconds they
summoned a time from here
boom I'll cold three seconds and as the
referees running over to him yeah I'm
why is he yelling at him they hated each
other really and they hate each other
Jorge Masvidal said that guy was
taunting him for like ten years talking
shit to him so he couldn't wait to do
that to him yeah now what well been dust
himself off he took it like a man I mean
he really did he went on a talk show and
talked about it afterwards and good you
know that's that's how if I can do shit
yeah yeah I said look it sucks I don't
like losing that guy's a douche Yeah
right but they're probably gonna end up
being somewhat friend friendly later
down the line no yeah no Moz we'd all
said that if you saw him at Whole Foods
it's not over he still smack you in the
face
even Whole Foods couldn't hold him but
Whole Foods can't hold back the kombucha
the real gt's kombucha the kind of you
need a credit are you getting to show
you've ID'd again like now Whole Foods
man that's like that's like hello gran
you can't start a fight no he's willing
to break the rules I saw a fight at
Disneyland on Instagram the other day
the Jews were going at Disneyland some
got punched a check to see Finland two
people were filming that these people
were throwing down in front of their
kids at Disneyland Oh terrible technique
- everybody's terrible terrible I love
that the equally disappointing aspect of
it well it's terrible to me it's the
most disappointing it's like guys if
you're gonna fight learn some technique
yeah I mean it's like someone's stealing
the stage and playing bad guitar you'd
be angry with yes sir of course you I'm
saying yeah I get it no I'm in complete
agreement I think that that is kind of
equally important because hey man if
people are filming yeah people's like a
consensual fight you look like you're
trying to pretend you know how to fight
yeah and that the worst is the pulling
off of the shirt I don't even know how
that even becomes like an instinct it's
actually a good move well it's to keep
you slippery right so you can like well
you want yeah you don't want anybody
choking you to death with your own
jacket oh that's true yeah that's true
well okay
but I mean I guess in the videos that
I've seen it's been mostly about like
hey check out a jacket I am
bro yeah yeah and here did it I kind of
like this dude got choked out but I
couldn't quite tell what was going on
here cuz he went down quick cuz that
security and he wasn't been out for a
second
so he's pulling that girl's hair see oh
yeah he's out cold cold oh gee dropped
him his head banged off the ground to
that ball dude choked the shit out he's
like well I just killed a guy I better
get out of here I think but you know
what no charges were pressed because no
one wanted to say what the fight was
about hilarya was that so it was a guy
that was holding a girl's hair at the
end yeah I said he got spit on and then
he went crazy
wow I don't know if that was the whole
thing and then funny that's all it takes
a little bit of water a little bit of
yeah it's funny it's like at all the
things that make people go crazy spit in
someone's face is like wow go to war
here yeah I mean it's it is pretty good
not a crude biological weapon back in
the day if you had some like smallpox
yeah yeah how dare you potentially
infect me do you ever heard Damon Wayans
joke about a when Magic Johnson came
back to the NBA
Magic Johnson after he had HIV and then
came back to the NBA he said Damon
Wayans who's my opinion one of the most
underrated comedians of all time still
one of my own fantastic all-time
favorite but in one of his HBO specials
deals he goes everybody was avoided
magic nobody want to play defense he
goes except Dennis Rodman he goes Dennis
Robin was like listen I spit in your
mouth and accelerate your symptoms I'll
spit in your mouth and accelerate your
sim to this day that's one of my
all-time favorite lines
I hear that line of my god damn that's a
great that is a crafted brilliant thing
to think that's underneath it hurts that
one hurts I'll spit in your mouth and he
sour your symptoms he says I'm sorry I
fucked Madonna that's what he said I'll
spit in your mouth and accelerate you
say oh yeah it's even more potent that's
like some shit talking like that's the
type of shit that wins that wins the
whole thing yeah you got to walk away
yeah keep talking after that like you
know that's it man and
take it lost like a man yeah yeah yeah
maybe that's why spitting and it's also
it's gross
it's just great it's just gross and so
rude it's so fucking rude I mean when
someone purposefully spits at you yeah
you're like I want to destroy you
I could kind of understand that reaction
shit think people were get like licking
food that's grocery stores and like some
girl's gonna get arrested or she's
facing like 20 here or something I don't
underst I I don't want to know why yeah
it was funny to lick food then you know
other people gonna buy it yeah well
people think it's funny to spit in
people's food when they're they're
serving it - yeah it's weird people kind
of grow sometimes yeah you know they'll
get it any way they can man yeah get
back they'll get back at the world yeah
do you take this shit position in life
it's like no I don't I don't agree
here's your salad sorry yeah I know mix
it up so you gotta be nice to son you
gotta be nice to everybody
we like swapping spit with people and
that weird that is really worried well
because that's consensual right yeah
well not just it's consensual it's like
it's pleasurable it's like even if it's
consensual you don't wanna be spitting
in your mouth no cuz that's super
fucking gross yeah by kissing someone's
open your mouth and they like to like
that would be weird like you just spit
my food
this is gross goddamn it but if
someone's kissing you and their tongues
in your mouth you're swapping literally
swapping spit it's sexy it's hot we like
it yeah yeah I'm glad I'm glad that I
like that part yeah cuz the other part
I'm just like yo man you can't what's
wrong with you why are you doing this
mouth you don't need to do that it's
like the delivery method is what we have
a real problem with yeah exactly this
part from the program is to fucking
football players do it this is for giant
Lou oh that's a movie yeah so they
really did do it for the song pretty
short they had to they spit each other's
mouths
why guess when you're playing football
you just want to be as savage as
possible and you don't give a fuck you
make out with a dude you'll fuck a
couple of guys and then you're gonna
play football yeah cousin you feel like
you don't care here the entire
force of the universe minds yeah people
do things to let people know they don't
give a fuck yeah that's fair that is
fair do things like that like the EV you
seen euphoria with HBO show no it's
didn't elastic yeah
it's I think it's out now you know what
it is Jamie I've heard of it heard it's
good it has not watched it yeah it
listed about ridiculous it's basically
about it centers around a drug addicted
high schooler played by zendaya and it's
just about the modern kind of modern
generation high school experience
through her drug addiction or trying to
overcome drug addiction or kind of
realizing what is going on with her at
that stage in her life and there's just
it's just the culture of all the things
that kids deal with these days but it's
done in a really really hyper beautiful
stylized way it's so crazy intelligent
it's amazing it really blew me away I
was not a went to the opening and was
like uh-huh I don't know I don't know
what this is and then the guy got up and
talked about it because the writer
experienced addiction has been clean for
15 years some of them but that was his
life back then as a teenager and so they
adapted it and it's great but the reason
why I bring that up is what were we
talking about a second ago what we're
talking about before that spit in each
other's mouths yeah we went from that to
people want to pretend they don't give a
fuck or the one to let you know they
don't give a fuck oh yeah that's exactly
right yet so there's like a great scene
in the first and the pilot it doesn't
really give away anything but one of the
characters she's in a kitchen and
there's like a big bully dude popular
guy that's like getting getting in her
face and being really threatening and
then she takes a knife and she just
slices her arm and she and fixes she's
like stay away from me motherfucker
there's something like that there's
something more eloquent that says well
that happens and then she introduces
herself and leaves she goes oh by the
way I'm huh and she walks out but it's
such an intense scene it goes from the
darkest to the darkest to like a
practical this this person is really
smart the
who cut her arm is incredibly smart
that's a crazy thing to do to someone
yeah yourself that comes up in front of
them it just shows you that's like I I
don't give a fuck like that's like the
thing I'll do to you yeah exactly you
know and the guy was everyone was just
frozen they were like I don't know what
the fuck there's a bunch of high school
kids in the kitchen pretty cool pretty
cool like character detail it just kind
of like shows you everything about that
character in a split second yeah Jesus
amazing I love that shit that's intense
yeah I love when you don't know
something's good you don't know anything
about it and then it turns out to be
yeah
it's the best feeling Oh Christmas are
one of my favorite parts ago in the
movies I love ya previews but yet they
ruin movie exactly I know I'm the same
way I'm the same way it's like peeking
into a Christmas present like when
you're a little kid you like I just
unwrapped this bitch yeah you rabbit
that's a fucking TIE fighter oh my god
it's Darth Vader's ya little fucking
sneak another Jack's like yeah oh my god
apparently let me look at that
yeah fuck I have been caught but that's
almost like what previews are you good
to see a little bit about what the
movies about
oh yeah wouldn't it be better if you had
no fucking idea have you just snapped I
don't want to even know a synopsis and
well I don't know what King Kong is
which if you didn't know what King Khan
was like the newer King Kong yeah you
thought it was like about like a king
yeah yeah you have no idea and you sit
down you have no idea how the story's
gonna come come out and the moment you
see the gorilla you're part of like holy
shit ya know when he's fighting
dinosaurs and stuff you like holy shit
yeah it was so much better then you
watch all those proves are the special
trucks or Ranger on the new Godzilla no
but you go to see it it's like yeah I've
already seen it I know he's gonna
breathe fire out of his mouth I know
what it looks like you've shown me yeah
it's you know my favorite trailers are
the ones that just kind of give you a
feeling of the world and that's it
like the new Joker trailer is sick yes
it's perfect example it's great it's a
piece of art unto itself but it's not
giving away a lot I mean there's a lot
time you see a lot of shit and you kind
of get an idea but not really it's a
it's a very artful trailer yeah
but you gotta have something yeah well
people are gonna go to you I know that's
the problem
but remember Cloverfield yeah when that
came out and make that weird
the ATS their show just feel like and
that's all you heard yeah Cloverfield
you're like what the fuck is this those
are weird movies right like those movies
like this movie sucks because it was
just filmed by people who were there
well yeah quality's terrible the camera
is gonna be shaky yeah we're gonna
scream and drop the camera it's gonna
bounce and you gonna see like I knew
back then if I mean Blair Witch you know
it was kind of the starter of that
brought Blair which freaked me out the
first time I went to see it I want to
see with Chris McGuire comedian Chris
McCoy yeah and a couple folks that
worked at the movie theater across the
street and they came to see us we were
performing at the Houston laughs stop
okay and so they they we were talking to
them before the show and they're like
hey we work at the movie theatre and I
was like oh we're gonna probably go
there this weekend and see that Blair
Witch movie and the dude was like hey I
have the keys if you want we can open it
up tonight after the show what I was
like fuck yeah
so it was right across the street so me
and Maguire and I think there's like
three of them that worked there we all
hung out and watch the Blair Witch
together in a fucking empty movie
theater they made popcorn and every
flads
dudes dough though they had the key to
the place I mean if their boss found out
there would be fucks Ville yeah so don't
share this y'all not telling anybody but
this is like 17 18 years ago it's a very
I mean when that movie come out last
time ago 1989 yeah 99 so yeah 20 fucking
years ago and we were at the Houston
laughs stop this is awesome so cool what
a great like flow of an event yeah yeah
you have a dope-ass kagan's and you're
like oh yeah check this out yeah it was
fun but that movie was scare the shit
out of ya yeah it took me a while to get
into because I remember Dogma you
remember that that Christmas so they
remember the celebration that had come
out that was the first movie that I saw
that was made all on you know because
they had those rules like they we only
use natural light we only use db/km
blah blah blah and it was great it was
interesting and weird and oh my god
that's kinda crazy and then Blaire which
came out and had that kind of vibe but a
little bit more curated like Marin
narrative but I was like I thought it
was eerie but I really didn't get scared
until the very very end yeah
when when it's going down the stairs and
then the flashlight is searching around
and then sees that girl facing the
corner yeah that fucked me up yes that
that's really that one moment so the
whole thing I was like that's pretty you
know it's cool it's creepy okay if I
hadn't been it's just that thing I was
like fuck you it was a strong closer
here's this real strong closer I mean
that's the way you go out yeah that's
the way you go out but isn't it
interesting that we like movies that are
on film right we like that look yeah we
did we like the things that are in the
forefront focus but everything in the
back is just like yeah Clary and fuzzy
that's true it's got this like quality
thing to it even though now we see
videos that are very literal from phones
all the time we see that kind of imagery
we still don't necessarily see you
wouldn't see that in a movie theater
necessarily you to to distracted by all
the outside images so if you're talking
differently you and I are talking I'm
focusing on you I know there's some
stuff over to the left and stuff over
the right but I'm not seeing it the same
way I'm seeing you yes right that's one
of the reasons why like when you
interpret video like you visually
interpret video it's a very weird
distortion even though it's the most
accurate representation because you
can't look at everything at the same
time so if you look at a photograph and
everything is in focus what kind of what
are you using what are you using to see
things with exist my eyes don't work
like that yeah I'm actually looking at
you and everything around you like I
know there's a clock right here but I'm
dude I can't even read what time it is
it's right there I can't get it but yeah
I can read it right yeah okay you know
this stuff that's just a few inches to
your left or right and I literally can't
see them yes just a tiny tiny point that
you're actually focusing on yeah just
focus on right in front of these things
yeah from the face so let's make that
make sense like for focus it kind of
replicates the way that and it's also a
storytelling mechanism right focus on
this part you know
yes it definitely is that yeah but it
also it's like it looks cooler
it just looks yeah it looks at the hope
it looks Pro you know it's it's high-res
yeah maybe like a video camera like a
regular standard consumer grade video
camera almost takes clearer pictures oh
for sure yeah it's it's like if you ever
put your phone in time-lapse mode yes it
looks like the way it tracks when you're
moving it over objects it's got a higher
frame rate or something like that but it
makes it look like that pan and scan
shit you know when you're watching
sports or whatever and it just looks
wrong you know like it's too literal
there's something to the way everything
moves just feels slightly off do you
think that we're just accustomed to the
way film looks and then if we were
accustomed to the way video looks then a
film would be look clunky to us well you
have everything started off as video and
then they said you know what it's not
really good to have everything in focus
uh-huh it's only good to have some
things and focus in the back way some
things are blurry and then they come
into focus and actually enhances the
filmmaking yes right yes like in a
horror movie yes but something's blurry
and then they zoom in on it and you see
it's like a fucking monster hiding under
the bed oh yeah no that's not what I
didn't want that to happen you've now
just revealed exactly what I didn't want
to see yeah yeah no I agree yeah I don't
know I mean I don't know but I know that
do you know people like film I think it
just looks it's the texture of it but
now people like DV well it's like people
like vinyl right there's people that are
just diehard vinyl fans they like to
sound yeah I mean you know I like I like
I like anything you know but I'd like to
I'd like to make sure that it's the best
quality of it or the most natural use
case for it you know you know it's like
when people used to mix when people
started listening more to music in their
car that they could like put a thing
that they bought in their car with an
eight-track or whatever where they used
to have record players for cars too but
you know the way that music sounded they
were kind of they also had to consider
the mix of car speakers what does it
sound like on car speakers so going back
to the aura tones and the NS tends
and then the standardized car speakers
that people test audio and then ride and
it's a different parameter right because
you're stuck in this little contained
metal box yeah yeah so you got to figure
out how to mix the music but generally
it's the sound system that has to be
adjusted mmm the sound systems have to
but you mix to say they kind of meet
each other in the middle but great hi-fi
systems might actually it's a quick
anecdote but when I was in Seattle I
knew that I liked hi-fi systems but I
didn't know why they were so expensive
and so I went into this place this guy
named Leland who was working there was
kind of friends with him because I'd
come in and I just scoped gear all the
time just looking like I loved audio
gear it's just really sweet and and then
one day it was towards the end when they
were closing and he turns to me and says
hey man do you want to get your brain
fried and I was like what do you mean
and he's like stick around okay and he
closed shop couple of his friends came
in close the shop it's like maybe five
of us went into the back room smoked
some marijuana went into the show room
the main room where they have all the
speakers and all the different types of
units and he says then he kind of turns
to us we all sat down and couch and he
says okay you're gonna listen to a this
is a system in total it costs about one
hundred and fifty thousand dollars whoa
and and then he just goes proceed Singh
goes through and explains all of the
stages that you know that the current is
going through and what the music is
going through what's being played on all
the cables that are being used all this
stuff and then I heard all of that crazy
speakers like okay cool he lowers the
lights and he puts on a Bill Evans trio
record I can't remember which one
and he just presses play and we sit down
and like within probably thirty Seconds
people were crying Wow and because it
felt holographic it felt like you were
in the room with those musicians that
were playing right there for you and
then I had the realization it's not the
money it's not about the money it's
about what does it take to engineer a
machine that becomes invisible to the
experience and that was that kind of
blew my mind so whenever you're
designing anything it's like
designing experience engineering should
yeah should should get the fuck out of
the way
what was the medium was it vinyl vinyl
yeah yeah what do you think like in your
description what is different about
vinyl well I mean supposedly if you have
a really nice quality piece of violence
cut really well you get as close to the
original mastered recording experience
like coming out of the studio if you're
talking about older tape so whatever
that final mix is when someone plays it
they're like it's been mastered here's
the stereo two-track we're playing the
stereo two-track it's been mastered that
excuse me I'm a little wheezy and and
that's what you hear you hear it in the
best possible context on the speakers
that it was mixed on it's everything's
optimal so essentially when a record is
pressed if it can mimic that the stereo
to track the master which it does then
you have something that for at least the
first I don't know vinyl people will say
how many times but a record starts to
wear down but if you have a fresh press
you can run it a bunch of times before
it starts to degrade but in that state
you're hearing it like analogue super
analog it's like how many times you
think you play it before it starts
degrade I don't know I guess it depends
on the ears of the audiophile but
there's probably an average I don't know
what it would be maybe 60 or 30 Oh 50
times now is there a digital format that
at least comes close oh yeah yeah FLAC
files what is a it's a file format black
files are good usually 128 96 kilohertz
like that's there's like kind of
mastering the digital mastering standard
and that standard is is basically what
that is what a record is so that's why
you have like sites like HD tracks that
I really dig you can get all your
favorite out well not all it's not as
big of a selection but you can get full
resolution from like stereo two-track
master from the studio level quality in
a digital format
that you can buy and then put into a
high-risk player so I have a high-res
player a hi-fi player and it runs the it
has really nice circuitry and all that
stuff and then use a really great pair
of headphones and you've got the closest
thing to a record that's repeatable
infinite times and is the headphones the
way to go or one of those crazy Tower
speaker jammies the way to go huh well
it depends on your use case like if you
if you nephew here in a house and you
want like a cool living room system or
whatever I would always opt for speakers
and not not Sonos and not that kind of
stuff people they dig it but true
I mean records are meant to be played
off of two speakers with it's a 2.1 so
unless it's specifically engineered
which is very rare for like Atmos or
whatever the fuck but usually it's two
speakers in a subwoofer so why would I
not want to hear the music the way it's
supposed to send Brian however I
understand the convenience of those
speakers so I'm not totally knocking it
but for me if you're gonna get a system
for your living room if I can get a 2.1
system yeah you want it played out the
way you want the sound to come out
either way it was recorded yeah
otherwise it changes the experience yeah
completely the the Sonos and those types
of things they they fake stereo Henry
Rollins was on the podcast and he has
this most preposterous setup in his
house he is a gigantic audiophile
oh shit a massive lover of music oh my
god he collects all these albums and he
even runs a radio show I love his radio
show yes though it's on case here double
yeah so these Natick these are the crazy
fucking speakers he has in his house
what the fuck and there's some where are
those thousand dollars is what they are
I forget I have seen those I've seen
pictures of that that's um it makes this
Alexandria XLF is what they're called
okay Wilson Alexandria job they look I
mean it's disgusting look at those
things you have to have their weapons
you know like you you have to pull back
so we can see big-ass four full-size
those things look what a weird-looking
piece of equipment looks my future robot
looks like an ATM machine right yeah
totally
or like a display screen robot yeah
today we have here swipe here for you
thank you for your business cuz I've so
is the one that we're looking at on the
right hand side is that the back
yeah Wow look at all that sugar it shows
the inputs know what the fuck they have
discrete inputs for each of the
frequency spectrum the different
speakers oh damn some people go deep
it's like everything right look at it
that's what it looks like oh that's
another one look at that guy craziest
thing I mean it's beautiful I mean audio
is $100,000 fuckin speakers we that guy
he's like I have it all my spirit look
at the fringe on my curtains
I am Heinrich Ottomans that's crazy man
yeah well there you go any sound system
at cars amazing to man because right you
know if you get like a Marc Levenson
like Ivo yeah as a Marc Levenson system
in it yeah that's just like the whole
thing's engineered for the shape of the
inside of the car
yes so it just rings out in all these
perfect places it's it's tight one of my
favorite places listen to music is a car
and I was stoked to get my Audi cuz I
got the B&O system in there and I've
never heard better audio I mean I've
heard some dope-ass I think I have a I
think the Tesla uses leavens and stuff
I'm not totally sure people haven't been
able to figure out but they should have
by now but I remember like five years
ago trying to figure out like who what
is the premium audio system like what is
it besides a premium audience and I
couldn't get an answer if someone
figured out what the amp was but they
couldn't figure out the speaker so
that's interesting but but the Audi man
Bang and Olufsen and I have some 18s at
home there's a 2.1 system and it just
finally started it kicked in and now it
sounds amazing I was like really kind of
disappointed for a while yeah it's weird
there's also yeah there's like a burn in
what I think there's a burnin I'm not
sure maybe it's totally maybe maybe I
did get better I mean what do you think
of this we'd buy them fantastic it's
pretty really good yeah it's just it's
not weighing you down no it's just a
nice friendly like you're you fucking
high but like yeah feel good sweet stuff
it's not like you're not freaking out I
like it a lot what's it called again
purple what purple tones no uh purple
rain venom venom thank you jeez yes
does he know what a bond I know the
great brain that's awesome purple venom
butum Wow yeah you have the the Browns
yeah and then there's like a subwoofer
that looks like an egg yeah and they're
great because it's my house kind of mid
cinch
mod heads that mean mid-century mother
oh that's me tries I think it's a lair
is the first time I think I've said it
sounded just like mid-sentence are
provided for I'm Eunice the pity that
the the overall layout is mid cinch mod
the only people I don't trust is when I
go over their house and they have a
minimalist setup like where they have
like plastic chairs that don't if they
have any cushion and a flat table with
nothing on it and everything's small and
there's nothing there I'm like what are
you doing yeah I know they're you show
me your clean brain yeah the fucking
psycho
where's the soft surfaces where's the
place to chill I you know I I like what
I dig is that mid-century sure yeah you
know like I was it been julno Jules
figure it is it's a I think he's a
Swedish or Danish architect or a
furniture designer finn juhl that's a
thing and he makes these like you've
seen these chairs before but the
originals are just it's such a great
work of art it's like sturdy comfy but
light enough that there's like a bar in
the back that's just made to grab and
you can just throw it around but when it
but it's set up in a room it looks
substantial and it looks comfortable
but super lightweight so their idea was
like to be super modular really easy to
move for company you know this already
that's not quite it typed in furniture
oh yeah that's entry mantra first yeah
Oh what was his name a finn juhl spelled
fi and then yeah tool maybe J Georgie
you HL yeah like that orange one right
there yeah that's like one one does one
design but that one has that that extra
thing and that's not how mine are minor
just like it's just a back and no arms
and the but the same shape and you sit
in them and they're just great
they're like firm but comfortable like
you feel active like you could get out
of it if you need it to that were there
no what does it say at the top that's
this shit fin fi yeah yeah and Trey Uhl
maybe try classic or something that but
look at stuff though yeah it's down if
they look at the grasshopper chair yeah
so weird when you have a chair that's
that low to the ground that that's too
low mine are not like that mine are like
thing is you can keep your feet in front
of you yeah like the stretch your legs
out like that 109 chair like that that
kind of stuff so it's like normal chair
height but it's beautifully designed but
its minimal and for my living room like
I like the idea that I could just like
move my furniture and if people want to
dance or whatever you just do that and
you don't have to be the fuck you know
I'm gonna need help like one person
clearly grab both chairs and right and
you don't have some bullshit sitting
there that could break yeah yeah careful
yeah totally
hey guys don't go near the end table
guys I'm really sorry about that hey hey
hey rock and roll music Scott everybody
crazy Jesus Eric fancy speakers I told
you to beat the chill-out mixes only
yeah you need to chill out mix mmm-hmm
for late night like really groovy jobim
stiff you know I was like a brilliant
bossa nova mmm do you what do you what
are your thoughts on like streaming
services like music like title and stuff
like that
well things like Spotify and Pandora are
these free Apple music these streaming
services I think they're convenient but
I don't quite trust the quality yet and
I have a lot of vested in iTunes but I
started using title only because it's
the less that's that seems to be the
least popular of all the streaming
services but it's jay-z's mm-hmm company
and not that I'm like it and i jz fan i
just like that it's owned by an artist
right and that they focus on super
high-end codecs for their streaming so
it's like the highest quality possible--
for streaming
since then Spotify claims to have it I
don't think Apple does it yet anyways
but I like I like the title set so I
mean I guess the idea being as long as
it's fair for the the artist you know
the deal for streaming and how
streaming's
streaming is calculated and how that
turns into revenue for our on the
revenue side of things that's really
that's the biggest concerns revenue side
of things it seems like that's where
this whole thing was like the wild wild
west when they got started and the the
way the parameters were established it's
not in favor of the artist it's in favor
of the people that run the streaming
companies they're the ones who make the
substantial profits yes absolutely yeah
the companies do all they have is the
work of artists I know just why it's so
crazy that they make most of money
because they provide a platform yeah all
they have is the you don't sell shit
without artists if every artist is like
nah fuck you yeah you don't have
anything yeah you have no no you don't
sell anything yep like you're to selling
tomatoes and you don't even grow them
yeah you want most of the money like if
you were a tomato store and you got your
tomatoes from a farmer in the farmer to
do all this fucking work to make the
tomatoes and they sold them at your
store but you got almost all the money
yeah though I know it's totally crazy
doesn't make any sense you couldn't grow
tomatoes with any other farmer for the
next ten years after oh yeah that's a
yeah because they tie you up yeah you
have to make commercials about these
tomatoes but you have to pay for them
now you know it all comes out of your
profit not ours
yeah crazy it's all about it's all about
direct economy you know I mean like
that's that's the way that's where we
are now I think yeah I think that's
where we're where we are where we're
headed I think that's definitely I don't
you know I I can barely that's why I
want to kind of do my own streaming
stuff like that I don't want to be in
tied up and to with another company that
utilizes behavioral statistical data to
increase their algorithms for targeted
advertising like that's not really
interesting to me yeah I think with a
guy like YouTube just build it and they
will come you know and then advertisers
who resonate with your sort of mindset
they'll find you there's money there's
plenty of cool CBD brands and yeah fill
in the blank of cool companies that'd be
more than happy to advertise on
something that you know what
have a guaranteed audience of a certain
kind of people yes don't totally totally
I think it's great and I think also just
having a direct store - yeah I love the
idea whatever I make that's it's just
sold
yes Doron like you're just paying me and
I'm getting it and you're getting the
thing and that's it yeah I mean you've
worked for a bunch of different
companies before you've done things it's
like it can be great you can work with a
bunch of cheerful people or absolutely a
disaster you got some time suck in the
middle of the fucking mix and they they
just the demand too much attention
there's too much conflict and nonsense
and yeah interpersonal drama and
sometimes people start fucking oh yeah
people that work together start fucking
and then you have to hear the opinions
of both of them while you pretend you
don't know that they're fucking that
this is weighing heavily on the way
they're communicating with everybody
else like oh yeah that's supporting each
other and you're supposed to support
them too now their relationship has
become center stage in your office
that's like one of the reasons why
people don't want office romances not
even just because women don't want to be
harassed by men that are trying to fuck
them all the time so we'll just say no
one can do it but also because once it a
relationship does happen one of two
things yeah either it'll everyone's
roped yeah either it'll go great and
everyone's gonna be a part of it so your
relationship becomes a part of the whole
ecosystem of the office mm-hmm or it'll
go terrible and people have to pick
sides and or one of you has to leave
yeah like so or that dude you you if you
amongst the most miraculous people you
have a amicable split and you become
really good friends afterwards you still
work together with no problems even like
each other spouses
yeah it is possible it's possible it's
happened I'm sure it's happened yes for
much much more rare I was running a
company I'd be like listen you guys
can't bang each other yes I know it
sounds gross I know you're here all day
buts problem is like what if you met the
girl of your dreams on a job that was
your dream job you're like sure what do
you do you have to make this like a
fucking Jennifer Lopez movie right yeah
totally like like - yeah I'll -
successful I don't give a fuck about
this job Jennifer I want to be with you
don't play the music it's like no you
don't have to quit
I'll quit you know fuck this I but I've
got a quick no you can't and then they
decide to start their own firm yeah if
it was a real chick movie the girl would
have like the smaller paycheck too and
the guy would lose the bigger paycheck
and he would he would come she would
come home from work and he would be
wearing fucking like like an apron and
he would be mopping yes that'd be great
well I guess I guess I should get used
to it like that's my life now and like
the perfect job I gave up my perfect job
for the perfect woman yeah yeah yeah
that would suck if you had the dream job
but you met a girl there who she was
single and she was into you and you're
both into each other
you like goddamnit what do you do you
start banging and don't tell anyway
that's what you do right prom probably
or if you're like super Pro and super
committed you just figure out a way not
to and just kind of maybe come up with
an agreement or something I don't know
plot your exit yes you don't plot your
eggs always know your exits while you're
lying about banging each other yes
yeah you got a lie gonna lie and say
yeah yeah we're going to movies tonight
my friend Melissa
anyway Todd's house for some dick that
sucks
such a terrible way to live guys don't
do it yeah worth it well the most
terrible is probably live in the closet
that's probably the most terrible yes
the most it's a super unnecessary one I
think yeah well no in some case it's not
at all yeah well it's also like it's
symbolic of you know we all have things
in the innit closet I mean that's like
it's like a pretty big level that's
noticeable by many many people but in a
way it is a metaphor for like there are
a lot of things that we don't allow
ourselves to sure like let people know
about and especially in the corporate
world right you're you're forced to
present a air quotes professional image
and this enhances your ability to earn
living it enhances your ability to be
successful inside that corporate
structure so you you literally have to
play a role all the time which is why if
you talk to women who are dominatrix is
one of the things that they say is the
the guys who really like to get kicked
in the balls and shit on are the guys
who run businesses the guys are like
yeah they need to feel it yes they feel
alive
they're kicking the balls they need
someone pissing in their mouth they need
salt they need to get smacked they want
to get crazy because they're so buttoned
down all day long they can barely take
it they're so lucky Reggie you're so
lucky and an artist so like son of a
bitch I love it
songs in a cubicle right now mad at you
fuck him no man you guys can live your
dreams I mean yeah I mean it's it's rats
and people about credit card loans yeah
I know well you know we could be more of
us could be more creative but we're not
really designing there's a society to
support that yeah we you and I can't fix
the streets no but we can inspire people
to fix the streets it yeah of course I
mean you know sometimes it just takes a
little kick in the and the yarbles I got
a conversation with my friend the other
day we were saying he was saying you
know he kind of really need all kinds of
people because there's all kinds of jobs
that you don't want to do and I was like
yeah we're having a problem with our
exterminator and I'm like but like could
you imagine a dude who's really cool
who's into killing rats like that's we
just for living it just fucks rats up
that's this whole deal again rats I know
I know there are people that just sort
certain types of screws yeah assembly
line all day long so what they do
somebody needs to do that otherwise it's
not gonna get done well you know I mean
theoretically you know robotics and when
people fear like robotics getting over
jobs and things like things like that
theoretically the positive side of that
is if society's organize themselves in a
way that ensures that people remain
productive aside from these automations
because it's taking away the menial
tasks the repetitive tasks bullshit and
then we were able to allocate more
brainpower to the economy if that's the
way it's viewed it's it's rad I think
it's a welcome thing and I think yeah
there's fear you know the unknown and
things like that but if the government
helps or you know there's a transition
that's at least considered it could be
really really beneficial well how do you
feel about things like universal basic
income how do you feel like that I mean
that's because that's what people are
gonna need if we get to a point where
millions of jobs vanish overnight
because of automation which could happen
you're looking at a I mean
I don't know what I'm talking about but
if I did I would say you'd look at a
nationwide version of what happened in
Detroit when the auto industry backed
out well yeah I mean I don't know I mean
I I don't know like the universal I mean
I it kind of makes sense but I also
don't know about the successful models
and the non successful implementations
because obviously with societies it
becomes a lot more complicated because
it's people and people are complicated
and so when you say there's universal
income for there's a base amount that
everybody will have you don't have to
worry about certain things right
well transitioning out of the current
state the mine state that we're in some
people just gonna try to blow it you
know all and then and they'll go into
debt and then you know maybe or maybe
you design the system to be really
foolproof and it's just a commodities
based so people can only get the value
that they're guaranteed as you know rent
being paid actual food you know actual
things so they don't have access to the
money I don't know if you don't give
them access to the money they don't give
them adequate choices in terms of where
they can get their food like I'm not in
favor that because if you have like a
government place where they had
groceries you can go get your groceries
for free a place is gonna be disgusting
so well because there's no competition
you know I'm saying yeah well maybe no
incentive for excellence well maybe if
it was like a you know some kind of a
card or something associated like an
Apple pay type thing so you just you go
to whatever story you want to similar to
like a welfare card or yeah like food
stamps yeah exactly but a little bit
more frames differently right like you'd
have an account with the government
where every month you get like $1,000
cash and $500 in food yeah maybe
something like that yeah yeah and then
their rewards for like you know moving
out of that like phasing out of that
right I think the way andrew yang has a
structured you would get everyone would
get it you could opt out of it like say
if you were doing interests like
yourself like you could opt out of it oh
that's cool yeah I do like the
everything thing because as soon as you
make something specifically for a
certain population especially you're
talking about that anything it's not it
doesn't it doesn't work
I mean conceptually it's just better
when everyone knows like oh you have it
I have it
something that binds all of us that you
brought all in common obviously this
billionaire doesn't need it
but there's just a precedent for people
that make a certain amount of money
they're suggested to like you know
offset that like put it back into the
system so there's more money right
people that need it whatever but I think
like saying it's for everybody is kind
of a smart thing to do I like that
everything yeah everybody is that you
have equity in the corporation that is
the United States of America oh that's
interesting yeah that's weird
particularly if you're thinking about
natural resources like a man you know
when you imagine the enormous profits
that someone gets from natural resources
like the idea that you own the oil
that's under the ground like is who's
decided that like why have we decided
that you can go a mile off the ocean
stick a fucking tube into the ground
suck out all the oil and make a trillion
dollars or who said who said you could
do that that's not even your ground yeah
so what the government is giving a
license to BP in BP drills holes a mile
offshore and then they suck all the oil
out and they make billions into who's
getting that money and how much does the
government get and how much is a BP
paying for that contract and why doesn't
that money go to the people that live in
a country because if the people live in
the country the country is a corporation
the corporation is the one that owns
this water yeah they are the ones us so
the idea would be that you would we
would all profit from it and they would
make substantially less than they make
now and then instead of these people
making billions and billions of dollars
for something that's not even theirs
yeah like that profit would be split
evenly around the country in terms of
infrastructure and replenishing
impoverished communities and community
centers and trying to figure out a way
to engineer out all the horrific
neighborhoods use the natural resources
yes I mean that would be wonderful
like they've had to pay some people for
fracking they've had to pay some people
off because they just ruined their their
their neighborhood like there's people
that live in a place it's like fully
toxic now yes what do you say this is
from the original spill in 2004 it's
been going on consistently oh yeah it's
still leaking this is the
fourteen-year-old Gulf oil spill is
leaking up to 4,500 gallons
day they found that it was many many
times more oil was leaking out then they
thought it was so that's still that's
going into the ocean right now from that
stupid oil pipeline yeah the the quicker
that someone figures out an alternative
energy that's kind of what I'm saying
it's like that it needs to happen this
is ridiculous it's just it's everyone's
doing the easy thing right now and it's
just feeding that again the the the
capitalists mission machine is just like
no that's okay that's acceptable well
you and I have righteous virtue because
we drive electric vehicles occasionally
that's that's true I do feel a little
bit better I feel better than people
when I Drive might as well mmm you
assholes yeah poisoning the world I you
know I feel I only feel better driving
my Tesla only in that it's just faster
it's just faster than almost everything
on the road yeah it's a time machine
that's the at that's exactly what I call
it I always say like if if there's a
location that I want to go to I appear
there yeah I don't know Jun yeah over
there he's just like and you have that P
100 D yeah it's the one I have which is
the monster one yeah and it's meanwhile
that fucking new thing that they're
coming out with it the Roadster I've a
second faster zero to 60 yeah it's oh
well 11.9 1.8 theoretically 1.8 seconds
here this thinks he's changed his uh his
take on that I think he recently said
it's 2.1 are you serious yes okay we're
very disappointed right this way because
you got to break the two bearings what
kind of nonsense is this
I know where's my point where's my tenth
of a second it ain't going to matter
kids fucking thing's ridiculous I
kidding it's just a fucking weapon yeah
that's it's it's insane but it also has
six hundred mile range yes that's what I
heard which is just insane to me I just
love that it's a tinier car it's like
the fastest thing ever
yes there's only gonna be maybe three
other road-legal cars that you could buy
that would get to that that level one
car tonight they're gonna look obsolete
compare that oh yeah I mean well the
thing I'm excited about is the
Pininfarina electric car all designed
completely in-house and I don't know
when it comes out but I don't know if
you find a picture it is the nastiest
piece of tech
don't let the Italians make the engine
though trust oh yeah I don't thinks I
think they're leveraging like not let my
people design things you let them design
the way it looks but all the wires
they're barely paying attention standard
girls asses heat and spaghetti I
guarantee you that's so funny that's so
true you like Germans and Japanese make
reliable cars yeah they make their
engineers oh they're good whoo damn that
is a goddamn Batmobile yeah she'd be
nasty wow that's a real car oh yeah
when's that coming out I think orders
are there good that went five million
G's yes that's nice yeah there's all
this money coming active arrows how many
shakes are there I mean come on get that
fuck at the any borrows a little bit of
like Ferrari laferrari as a lot of
Japanese styling as it's the perfect
blend of like all the good things about
like tech looking car know what it's
like it's like a Ferrari 488 yes but one
that walk 1900 or Alexis LFA oh yeah
yeah yeah yeah that's yeah I got that
hundred one hundred how many Newton
pounds of torque no whenever they say
that Newton meters I don't get it those
European ones like what are you saying I
don't feel it all I know is what is high
and then I base it off of that it's
funny to that we still use horses I know
well stupid as I look at that see is
people power less than two seconds so
that's like the but it's an electric
vehicle yeah I'm sure
biting has one coming out that looks
really cool those 180 miles an hour 186
miles an hour in 12 seconds so 12
seconds later you're going 186 miles an
hour look at control cockpit that's what
I like about cars like that I like
better look amazing it's a fucking house
and the house they know it a house in
the hills I'd get it Wow that's right if
I could I'd get it what yeah oh yeah
easily I definitely want to get the
roads I'm thinking about the Roadster
I'm getting that bitch you got to man
come on got to I mean it's not that I
mean for 250 grand no you're getting a
car that like that's that's a
what is that was it again when you keep
showing us Jamie you just flip into you
know check out Jamie's on a route a
rabbit hole he went down to YouTube
let's see what was lovest was doing the
other one pull the rope stir oh yeah
that that thing's Bettis what is the
other one Rimac concept - oh it's a
serious door handle for the roadster oh
yeah you slide your finger down you had
tops I mean who knows it's not it's not
using that steering wheel I don't know
why they do that they do that for
concept cars that no sideview mirrors
which now is actually becoming legal
which is great I have no sideview
mirrors because it looks sexier
but so what it looks more sleek does it
really bother you that's like if you get
dude and girls really hot but she has a
chipped tooth oh no no no that makes
that makes that makes it better that's
like that's character man that's
beautiful so why do you need why don't
you want side mirrors I want to see it
just creates a cleaner line fuck a clean
line I wanna see what's going on what
have you died I wanna see what's behind
me man well the new Honda all-electric
car that's basically kind of like a like
a golf kind of an e golf but it's a
fully new car it's got it's got the
camera system with the side view mirrors
they're just right on the edge of the
dash right where the mirrors kinda would
be and the guy the guy who was doing a
review of it one of the few guys who's
gotten to drive it said that it just
blows you away you're like why have a
car has been like this forever because
it gives you an accurate full time view
of what's going on and the rear view
mirror is also a screen no impellers no
pillars what what are you laughing at
make fun of this car
no go back to the house this was always
some honda it's cute II also got the
most ridiculous turning radius its turns
tighter than a London cab yeah because
it's got a stick in the ground
yeah just it just plants the pole in the
ground and it just rotates yeah yeah the
roadsters is evil I don't think it's
really gonna come out in 2020 I don't
think so you there I think it's gonna
get pushed back yeah but it's just such
a gorgeous
it does have some active Aero I think in
the spoilers active it sounds cool
looking it looks like what a car
supposed to look like a 2020 exactly
yes Reggie Watts let's wrap this bad boy
up let's do it people want to follow you
on social media is that possible
only if they want to and it set Reggie
Watts at Twitter and Instagram it's
Reggie Watts and sometimes Reggie Watts
calm about it we got to do this more
often for real let's do it yeah it's so
much fun such a cool journey man really
fun really fun thanks for the awesome
weed purple venom of course some point
young Jamie
salutes good bye everybody
[Music]